You know what I do is write for children, and in fact, I'm probably the author of children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to seem like a scientist.
I can leave you as a farmer or a leather clothes, and no one has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and epidemics.
And you know that an epiphany generally is something that was fell up somewhere.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as a periodic.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Billy.
It's the complicated kind of circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school, in Ethiopia, Ohio where I was the weird of the class.
The one that they hit up every week in the children's bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life when she allowed me to go into the teacher's bathroom.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a love -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I got a phone call from that teacher, Mr. Post who said, "I need to see you.
I'm desperate that we have never got to know.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man that I know you've already found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I would like you to get up with this please."
Well, the next day, we were in Cleanker.
We went to see, we laugh, we cry, and we realized that she needed to be hostile.
We found him a place, we got it, and we took care of it, and we looked at her family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult came to me, he became a blind box and he was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed up, had become a circle -- and that epidemic I talked to you about was done in itself.
The escape is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save the one.
And you know that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that today I talked a lot about this.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and that everything is interconnected.
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and there I saw my first stones.
I was amazed.
My heart step fast, I was worthy, trying to understand what was in front of me.
And the turns around me around the water are almost 60 meters -- and I couldn't even more than thinking that it was a snow of snow about another color of snow year after year.
The ships are born when they fall away from the glaciers or they break ice walls.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them refuse to go back to the end, and they fit up to the end, whereas others can't support it more and fall down in a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a shoulder, which are isolated separate and alone, largely as we see ourselves sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a tuna is melts, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As a stream is melts, it releases rich fresh water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I was going to photograph these tubes as if it would be the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments there are that way and not going back that way again.
It's not death when they're destroying -- it's not an end, but a continuation of its way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice that photograph is very young -- it has a couple thousand years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years old.
The last pictures I'd like to show you is a tube that photographed in Keith, Greenland.
It's little often to get really a road together.
Here they are.
You can see on the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your flow line.
You can see here, it starts to run, the ship has moved down to the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a grandmother of Greenland, average size.
It's about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, each one of them will have a baby. Okay.
So, two couples every one with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of the conception. Because if you stop thinking about the concept themselves, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about it for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and sperm joins the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the spinal X chromosome joined the X-ray of the egg.
They both learn and start life.
Let's talk about them later.
In my ground activity to make two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the history of anatomy.
I am a historic for training, and what I study in this case is the way people add the anatomy -- -- to say, of human and animal bodies -- how they have considered body fluid, the idea of the body, what have thought about the body.
The other role that I play in my work is the activity, as a matter of patients or, as I say sometimes impossible for people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working with twin twins, two people inside the same body.
I've worked with people with analogy, much lower people than the average.
And I've worked with many cases of people with application sex, individuals whose physical technology doesn't fit on male schools and conventional phenomena.
In general lines, we can call it interactive.
The interaction adopted many ways.
I'm going to put some examples of ways to have a sex that doesn't fall into the male and female forms or female forms.
For example, it's the case of the individual common base of X-ray whose gene SRI gene -- and it tells the protections, that we all have in the fetal life, which become textbooks.
And then, in the federal life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But since this individual is because of textile receptors, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the system of insect to angels.
So, there are high testosterone levels, but without reaction.
As a consequence, the body is developed following a typically female course.
When it's born, the baby looks like a child.
It's a girl. It's raised as a child.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the singles, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something is happening.
After doing you test you realize that instead of having ovarian and a thing, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's actually not.
Women, like men, we have something called supermarket glands, as men.
They're on the back of the body.
Support glands produce angles, manual manual.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- doesn't know their chromosome structure, I believe to be a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to angels.
We produce angles and we respond to angels.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the angels that the woman who was born with testicles who have the insurance syndrome to angels.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the investors are in the middle of the spectrum, in a certain way they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago I received a call from a 19-year-old boy and raised as a good boy -- he had girlfriend, and sex relationships with her, he took a life as a kid, and he just found out he had ovarian and a the thing.
It had an extreme form of a disease known as the connectivity supermarket.
It had a 20th chromosomes and the supermarket glands were so active that in essence, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genetics were male, their brain was exposed to the hormone complete male component.
I was born with a little bit of a child, nobody suspected anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started having medical problems caused by the internal mentality, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was woman inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of intervention.
Some people with the 20th chromosomes develop what is known as anti-demands, which is to say, they have organic tissue wrapped in terrible tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are lots of sex.
The reason that kids with these kinds of bodies -- it's anger, silly twins, or interventions -- are moving to normal surgeries that are not to be able to make a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason that you get to various surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity -- supposedly, to be black means having African anatomy in historical terms.
Very simplified idea.
And when you present a body that shows something pretty different, we have problems with catalyst.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individual.
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept of individual.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children born like two people inside of a body.
The most logical case is last year with the South African correspondent Castle Semen, and he stood up in the trial in the International Video games.
Many journalists called to ask, "What do you test are going to do to determine whether Castle Serve is a man or woman?"
And I had to explain to the journalists that there isn't such a test.
In fact, now we know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't take a huge line between men and women or between men and women and women and women and interventions, we are who we put that line.
So what we have is a situation where the further science advances, more we have to admit than these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomic categories that correlate directly with stable identical categories -- they're much more diffuse than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that is much more complicated than the terminology allows a lot more complicated.
As we see, we get into a spinning terrain.
So look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to do from the fact to differentiate from them in just a few nuclear?
And as we progress in science we get more and more in an uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we manage is probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the spheres of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States, are the struggle at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body gets human, and it has different rights to the fish.
There are very tight discussions today -- maybe not in public, but I know within medicine -- about when someone considers dead.
Our ancestors never had to go through this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a pen in front of the nose, and if it moved still, they still didn't get it.
If I stopped moving.
But today, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a consequence, we have to face the dilemma to really determine someone's death, and this puts us in a hard situation that we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And maybe you think that this explosion of categories could get someone like me.
In politics, I am a progressive progressive, defending people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
It will be a lot more unstable than what we thought we were thinking about.
It takes off from the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm an admired advertising of the founding parents.
I know they were racist -- I know they were sexual, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and audacious and so radical in what they did -- that I found myself every bit watching that music courses "The 1770s, and not by the music, which is totally passionate.
That's why it happened in 177 with the Foundation Founders.
The Foundation Foundation was, for me, the first activists of the anatomy and explains why.
What they rejected was an anatomy, and they replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as everybody remembers what our founding parents were rejected was the idea of monology -- the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy of the anatomy and the analogy.
The old world monarchs didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth right.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it came to the political power for the blood of blood transmitted from grandfather to the father, and then the son, etc.
The French parents rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomical concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They wrapped up the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the atomic differences, that was very radical.
And partly they were doing it because they were part of an underwater system where they were getting rid of two things.
And the democracy was becoming depressing, and at the same time the science was born.
And it was very clear, if we look at the history of the founding parents, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were spreading from the supernatural explanation, and they were rejected by the concept of supernatural power that was transmitted by a vague idea of birth right.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of Independence, talk about nature and the god of nature.
Don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence they were transferring the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And by doing so, they were feeling the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened next?
And women were transporting.
Then I came to the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the South Translate warm, who said, "I'm not a woman?
We found men in the Civil Rights movement, saying, "I'm a man."
Again, people of color who went to the anatomical coincidence about anatomical difference and again, translated.
We see the same with the disability movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the conditions, we have to start asking why we keep certain differences.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomic divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't mean that we should be reconnected to the anatomy.
I don't mean that the five year-old children were allowed to have sex relationships or married.
There are some anatomic divisions that make sense, and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two beings that are created at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both conflicted in the middle of 1979, exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary was born three months before time -- June 1, 1980.
Henry on the contrary, was born in terms of the term was born on March 1, 1980.
For the only fact that I was born three months before Mary is attributed all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We find other barriers in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered men -- if I haven't told you if it's X -- in virtue of being considered man now is possible for the mandatory internal in the day that Mary doesn't have to worry.
Mary on his part, doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry every state with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman only in some states.
So they still persist atomic categories that in various ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science advanced so much in the field of anatomy that we came to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could disappear?
I don't want to give you to science, but at the same time I feel like science is wrong.
Where do we go?
It seems like what happens in our culture is kind of a pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to draw the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people stay trapped in a rare position.
For example, Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man you don't have to have chromosome and that to marry a woman you have to have chromosome.
Now, in practice they don't do some chemical exams.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the insect syndrome to the angels.
If you look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I have to draw a solution.
It says we should judge people based on the color of their skin, but in the content of their character, going beyond anatomy.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea seems really good.
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character?
I want to point out that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to guarantee people rights, because I have to admit that I know some of some golfsy games that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some labs that I know can make more informed decisions and smart and mature about their sexual relationships than people than 40 I know.
So how do you put on the issue of the content of character?
It turns out very hard.
And a part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with magnetic resonance as well.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still guiding this stream of thinking in relation to the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we're going to do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like anger in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it's willing to be willing to have a sex change, in which case it is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that he had made a light for single twins and then separated them and so that he would get their fame up.
But when the phone was asked to be a very risky operation, I told me that in that other country these kids would be very military and therefore I had to do it.
And I said, "Well, have it considered the political asylum rather than removed surgery?
America offers huge possibilities to people to be who are without forcing them to change for the state of the state.
So I think we have to be on the head.
Well, to end up I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given more participation to the mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist -- and that is that I think there may be different ideas coming from different anatomical types, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in the intervention, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that I've been interested in is the differences between men and women in the way to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about collaborative studies is that women, on average, -- not all, but on average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to take care of those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
years ago, when I was in graduate school, one of my advice I knew I was interested in feminist -- I was considered feminist -- like now -- made me a strange plan."
"Tell me what the feminist has female."
And I thought, "It's the most stupid question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with rid of gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in the feminist."
But the more I thought about his question, the more it has seemed to me that there is something female about feminism there.
I mean, there might be something, on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if the parents were very keen to find a way to protect people from the state, it's possible that, to have introduced more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with repeat support.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we bring democracy beyond the anatomy, thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So while we try to create a more perfect Union, we think about what we do for the others.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided that we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when each family thinks where it wants to go live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents to attract them.
Well, right now, we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't have a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily deliver the world to the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replaced it for building buildings.
Imagine that half of the people who wanted to live in apartments are already property and that the other half would still be able to do it.
You could try to increase the capacity by making anti-designers in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that they faced is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the molecules and the distribution of construction.
So it would be very hard to do all those amazing.
But they could go to a whole new place, build a whole new apartment building, always and when the rules of that place facilitate the construction instead of trying to put it.
So I proposed that governments create new enough reform zones that are big enough to contain cities and gave them a name: cities under status.
I later learned that more or less at the same time, Jack and October were thinking about the challenge of reform Hongrallers.
They knew that every year around 75,000 hours would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and make those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009 Honduras.
In the next regular election, Diet Lober was applied with a platform in which it promises reform and at the same time.
He asked Amazon to be his boss of cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perfect, trial and error and a lot of trials with users, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under the status to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say that you can't go and bother all of the residents of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes so much of technologies like rules to progress, and they're usually the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent America a link with the TEDTalk.
I showed it to Jaza.
They called me.
They said, "We present this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami in a conference room of a hotel.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the ground in a place like New York City -- looks that, in some cases, worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, Orchest said, "Paul," maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under statue is a place where you start with the whistles of the whistles, a statue that specifies the rules that will apply there and an option for people to choose if they want to go or not live under those norms.
So the president of Hondorle called me and told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our country to move forward.
He asked me to go to Texactory and talk again about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, who was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Dennettle, and the white line is the new airport that was built in Dense.
This airport only covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the honors that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that is at least 1,000 square kilometers.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody blew up competing.
The public faces were very serious and attention.
The condition leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the video of the TEDTalk.
I have it here in my computer."
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explains the essentials that a new city can offer new options for people.
There would be an option of a city that you could go to be in Honduras.
And it would also include new options for leaders.
Because Honoralism government leaders would need help of associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and make the status norms, so that they could all trust that the status is effectively made.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is from there.
I could easily open up a thousand square miles.
And shortly after that, on January 19, they voted in Congress to teach their Constitution and added a constitutional device that allowed to create these special regions of development.
In a country that just went through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress to favor of this constitutional devil was 124 to one.
All the parties in society, all the factors in society, was supported.
To include the Constitution, you have to take twice in Congress.
On February 17th, again in another voting in 14,000 to one.
Immediately after the voting and 21 to February 24, a development of about 30 hours was to the two places in the world that are more interested in engaging in cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that's being built in South Korea, bigger than the Boston center.
All you see there was built in four years after they spent four years getting permission for it.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this in a practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They are preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and then it would allow to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow his Court Superman to be the ultimate triangle for this new court system.
There are urban planners and building cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know you've already solved is that you have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies who wanted to install in America, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are many people who would like to go live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to change each other immediately.
There's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave back to their family to go and get a job, sometimes they are single mothers who have to earn the money to just eat or buy clothes.
Sadly, sometimes even there are kids trying to meet with their parents that they haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to think about building a new city in Hongrallers?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these all over the world?
What does it seem to think about insisting for families to choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesse and this is my value.
But before you show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public conference, and it's that I live obsessed with the browsers.
I love to find, to go down, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog brand arrested, colorful and different suits for every single one.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All of my clothes is the second hand of thumb markets and second hand shops.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my shoe in the environment and in my bill.
I get to know intensive people, usually my money goes to a good cause, and my way is unique, and buying it into my personal pursuit of texts.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it going to be from my shoe?
Would I like color like color?
It's going to cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
Going back to my value issue, I want to tell you what I took for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you get someone who has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought in.
I've brought seven inner clothing pairs and nothing else.
Close clothes for exactly a week is everything I've put in my value.
I imagine it would be able to find everything else I would like to use after getting here to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walks for TED in inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting.
While I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with the Sunday.
I call this bright tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
You almost always see you phenomenal for less than 50 dollars.
The whole thing, including the jacket, cost me 55 -- and it's the most expensive thing I've ever used in the week.
Monday, color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be bad humor, when you're looking at a brilliant red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: The integration is substantially.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
Just do yourself.
If you surround your right people, you won't just understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Mirachy, Guard of the child who takes inside the inside.
Sometimes people tell me it seems to play the distributions, or I remember them at their little seven years old.
I like to smile and say, "Thank you."
Jesself," trust is the key.
If you think you see you well with something, it's almost safe that you are.
And if you think you don't see you well with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, you don't see that you can't attract you.
So there's no excuse for anyone from this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Viewers, universal truth six words for you: the golden lenses go with everything.
And finally, Saturday, say, "Defore" is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people came to me this week just because of what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home, Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to be emotionally measured to these things, because the back of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and brilliant suit, if there's a little love in my heart and looking for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we use a scale to measure the appearance of every hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be someone who is completely logical.
This would be someone who is totally intuitive.
So where would you get your brain on this scale?
Some of these would opt for one of these extremes -- but I think for most of the integrate in this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great altitude in both hemispheres at the same time.
It's not that they are excited.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, which like most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need quite a lot of logic to contact these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need pretty much intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We get playing with them, and then we see how they react. And then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
A certain intuition that may have developed over the years is the one that says one thing can be only in a place at once.
I mean, you can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember watching a child playing on a parking bar.
He was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, he always falls.
But I bet the playing bar with that parking bar taught him a valuable lesson, and it's that big things don't allow them to pass them, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have from the world, except you're a particle physics.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars play with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really weird things -- as they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and called quantum mechanics theory.
At that point you found the physics a few years ago, you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But they didn't need it to describe the big objects around us every day.
That doesn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, you never saw a particle seen.
But it didn't fit up to my logical side.
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanical support.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle.
That's the metal little that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend it a little bit. It's right in the center.
And then here we do a good approach to the small metal tropic.
What we see is a little bit of metal, with the form of train and that it sustaines supported in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would do a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to do this research with the form of national situation that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum support, but for it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how awkward it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in a single elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go up to do those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually stabilize.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The journey companies of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that tied it up and the wind that goes on their side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this metal bits to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to break all the other passengers out.
And that's what we did.
We turned out the lights and then we introduced a vacuum and we extracted all the air and then we cool it to a temperature of less than a degree above absolute zero.
Now, by being just in the light, the little metal piece is free to act as a wants.
So we measured their movements.
We found that it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, he was vibrating. And the way he was vibrating was like a breath in this form -- as a fly that gets expanding and contract, and contrasted.
And when you give it a smooth push, we could make it fly and not fly at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that one of the things that is visited and doesn't look at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the trillion atoms that make that piece of metal are still, and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in particular instant when those are aligned.
In the rest of time they're display.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth going into a clean room in order to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the difference on scale between one atom and that metal bit is more or less the same as the difference between that metal bits and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why don't you not too?
I mean, it's my logical part that I talk about.
So imagine if you were in various places at the same time, what would that be?
How would your consciousness act if your body was display in space?
There's another part of history.
And it's when we heat it, and we turn the lights and look inside the box, we saw that the metal kept there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition -- apparently all objects in the elevator are actually only quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about how quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep queerness of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amili.
And 18 months ago I did another work in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that is here and allowed me to take it.
It took me 18 months.
Many negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There's a lot of stories about why we did.
I think my own story is simply explained in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
A great education -- I didn't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and art work.
So when I started traveling and going to museum, I started to learn a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
I better show you the demo and then explain a couple of interesting things that we've carried from its launch.
So just -- let's go to Goldacian here.
Look around all the museums that there is.
There's the Balinese Gallery the MoMA, the MoMA, the Rimma, the Royal Google.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my favorites, to the Metropolitan, the New York art museum of art.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We click and came out of the museum.
It doesn't matter where they are, Bomb or Mexico, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and fun.
Do you want to navigate for the museum?
We opened up the blueprint of the top, and with one click, we jumped inside.
They're inside, they want to go in the end of the hall.
They're going to go ahead and fly.
Explore.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Contractive Performance Congos at Metropolitan.
I see the theme at two.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the metal information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the gigantic technology.
So this picture, for example, contains -- I think, about 10 billion pilots.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10 million pictures?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10 million pilots.
It can do a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this kid, his expression has no price.
But if you really wanted to get deep down.
So I started playing and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "Wait a moment, this seems interesting.
I walked in, I found that kids were actually playing something.
I went a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "mental (Music: which is to hit a wave with a stick, the Tuesday Tuesday surfaces.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper in deep and see that you can actually get into the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to take the picture, so you really see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best is coming, a second.
So now we're going to quickly jump back to MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The night standard."
The example I showed was to find detail.
But what if you want to see the paintings?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this master work?
It turns it up, and it really does it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is "The Star Niger: I think I'd never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another favorite functions.
There's a lot of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "College] </s> College."
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a manufacturer, that's the same.
You can online your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter -- I've created this function that I call "The power of the "Mosque: We just made a shot around.
This is the "Enclustrial Gallery in London.
You can call things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you feel like these masterpiece work.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all amazing things don't really come from Google.
No, in my view, they even don't come from museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope in this digital medium makes justice to its work of art, and it's represented properly online.
And the big question that I do today is, "Do you do this to repeat the experience of going to a museum?
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good evening everybody.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a pilot, a flying pile.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
Let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture, I'm from Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of their bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that it has happened very interesting in the careers of France one in the last two decades.
It does some time, if you wanted to win a formula of France 1, you took a budget and put it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the career.
This is what that is, in engineering, it's called real-time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components. A sensor and a accident.
Now what's interesting is that control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, over the last few years, have been covered by networks and electronics.
They're becoming computers to the free air.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently and they can be detected and accepted.
It is a big thing.
And as I noticed I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
Seventy-five percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all of these detectors and activation are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Pallia And for the end of the year at MoMA during the summer.
It's called Taliban at Me."
Well, our objects, the environment, starts talking.
It's kind of like almost all existing atoms become sensors and activists.
And that's changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo Moon.
You know, when Michelangelo schemes sculpt the Moses -- he said to the end he took the hammer, and he threw it up to the Moses --  -- you can still see a little million belly -- and he said, "Did you get stopped by shouting."  What don't you talk about?"
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just some examples -- insisting in the idea of capturing the environment and doing something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years in Italy.
It was a lucky summer in 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup work.
Maybe some of you remember it, they played Italy and France, and at the end Zealand gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of the end, I won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day watching activity happening on the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the College in the middle and the Thai River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
On the early evening there are people around here and there making calls moving around.
It starts the particular, silence.
Google de France.
And so -- the people do a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. Final time.
First extra time, seconds.
Zealand, and in a moment, the head is.
winning Italy, yeah!
That night everybody went to celebrate the center.
There you see the big peak.
The next day they all went to the center in the middle of the winning team and the prime minister of time.
And then everybody goes down.
You see the image of the place called Cyrus Massachusetts where, from the time, people are going to celebrate -- it's a great party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the city pulse in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection is not about people, but things that we use and consume us.
We know everything about the rise of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac -- how they're studied.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project, we developed some small tags to track the garbage on its display through the system.
We started with some volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to tag what they were going on, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that you can all throw out.
Then we put a little chip on them, a label on the trash and then started tracking it.
These are the results.
From Seattle.
Within a week.
With this information, we realized that there are lots of inferences in the system.
We can do the same as much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
They're going on complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we think is that if we look at every day that the cup that we remove doesn't disappear that is still somewhere on the planet.
And if the plastic bottle that we throw up a day is still there.
If we show that to people, then we can promote some behavioral change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague at MIT, Assisman Berkeley, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other cool things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to reach over the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Zarrett ...
It all started with a question from the mayor of the city, who came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop -- it was, imagine that they have a cane and valves of solar, slides that go open and shut down.
It's created as a straw of water, with pixels of water.
If you fall out the pixels you can write into them, show patterns, images, text.
And when we zoom in, the curtain will open up so we can go by, as you see in the picture.
We presented this to Bell Mayor here.
He liked it a lot.
And you have a commission to design the building at the entrance of the Expendition.
We call it digital water.
The whole building is made of water.
There is no doors or windows -- but when you get it open up so you can walk.
The roof is also covered by water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the satellites, it goes down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days will always be someone, in the winter, when they go down the roof, someone who was there and he said, "Disable the building."
No, it's not that they have drawn it, but when it goes down almost all architecture away.
This is underway.
You see the people who are intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am just trying to not get to love the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the kids in Zarrie came to the building, because the way of interacting had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let go, but a building that kept making cuts and water holes, and you had to jump out to be struggling.
(Burial noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think of use people to give our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact -- that people use.
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels -- water pixels and projects about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start to fly.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, which moves with others in sync.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pilots.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes.
And then all of that could be a 3D pixels that you can zoom in, and go back, and see from very different angles of it.
This is the real controlled Florida, going down to form a Vietnam, like before.
When you turn the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, from the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bob -- one of the best ballet dancers today, the New York City star star in New York and the Millennium Island -- to capture their 3D movements and use them as input for the Florida.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left side, you see the pilots, the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digitization in real time as motion capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can go all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- almost like a cloud of cloud -- like the grandmother crash, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody just donate a little bit for a pilot.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we moved from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed you, we can move from the digital world, the substantial power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may be that we wanted to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today: think of climate change or CO2 emissions. How do you move from digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together in a collective way.
The cloud is a cloud, again, from pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are pilots.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered the pilots.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, to serve to share the main moments of the Olympics of 2012, and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up, like a new summit of London.
You can go in there.
As if it was a new digital factor at night, but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone who's going to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I told you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for a more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe they would like to be in better ways, be stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and sure of themselves?
What about living more with good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What would you like to like?
What would you like if you could choose something?
(Audience -- "The Crowded Memorial -- creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
few. It probably had the number of creative people present.
That's really good.
How many of you will choose memory me?
A few more.
What about the physical state.
A little less.
How about longevity?
Oh, most of it makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe is it possible?
Evolution has been a subject here at the TED conference, but today I want to give you the view of a doctor on the subject.
The great generation of the 20th century, Tharin. Doch, who was also hanging in the International Rosetta Church, wrote a trial called "No biology makes sense to the light of Everglades."
But if you effectively accept biological evolution to consider this: is it just about the past, or the future?
Do you mean others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well in an end, it is, of course, the most interested us.
We go from a common ancestry with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
There have been maybe 20 or 25 different species of homosexuals.
Some have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 130 years old.
It might seem like we're very far away from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes.
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein -- chemically indicated, that comes out of the pancreas coming from.
And talking about bacteria -- they realize that we all carry on the more bacteria that the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, do you think -- when Antonio Damas makes them the performance of the story -- think about bacteria.
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, metabolic, it's very audience.
And we're going to give you all the nutrients that you can want without effort on your side.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional protection of some automatic contrast to the output.
But therefore, we're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help us digest essential nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what is the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or are you going to become something different, something maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast end of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief companies, the animal kingdom, as one single and only compassion, and human life, a little bit of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I went to college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, each cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two cell cells.
But when multicellular organisms appear.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes predictable.
In fact, you could say that the inevitability of the body death comes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to confess that when I was a college student, I thought, well, sex, sex, death death -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that happened, every time I had more doubt.
I got to understand the feelings of George Burneton, who still act in Vegas.
And one night someone hits their hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him is a wonderful light dancing dance.
He looks at him and says, "Come in search for a sex sound."
"It's fine, he says, "I choose the software."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily contradiction, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
He wanted us to keep us healthy.
I wanted to recover health in disease.
I wanted us to live more and healthier.
Evolution is going to pass the genome to the next generation, adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are as a reference rockets designed to send the genetic load to the next orbital level, and then let me fall into the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen is when he said, "I don't want to achieve the immortality through my work.
I want to do it not dying."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the bigger or the stronger or the faster and even the most intelligent one.
Evolution favors better creatures to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean, the beetle bacteria that can survive the heat of the shows that it would produce -- if there were fish there, fish cooked at the vacuum yet, they've managed to make that a social environment.
So what this means when we look at what's happening in evolution and if we think about the place of humans in evolution and, in particular, if we look forward to the next phase to the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first is we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've been able to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been destroyed and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've made our environment so that we adapt to us as well as we adapt to him.
And by the way, we migrate, circulated, and we're so excited that it is no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for evolution.
A second possibility is that there's an evolution of traditional type, natural type of effects, the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the engineers of evolution are striking spreading, but they're inevitable.
And in terms of the iconic aspect, when as a species we put together different planets are going to exist the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce the evolution in a natural way.
But there is a third possibility -- a attractive and intriguing possibility and frightening.
The so-called "mechanical new evolution, the new evolution, which is not simply natural -- but guided and chosen for us as individuals in the decisions that we will make.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
First, we consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more males than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what it chose to the individual and the family level.
Think also that if it was possible to be able to choose not only the sex of their destiny, but in their own body to make the genetic adjust to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could do genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce cancer risk or eliminate the approach?
Wouldn't you want to make those changes in your genes.
If you look at the future, that kind of changes is going to be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and sued 13 years.
It cost 2.2 billion dollars.
The next year, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a close cost to the 2000s, and on a week.
Not a lot to make the human genome reality, for $10,000 and get more and more at the scope of all.
They come up with those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin insulin can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but are going to induce immune against other viruses.
Believe or there's no experimental trial in course with the flu vaccine of the culture of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the table?
That's reality today and in the future it's going to be more and more possible.
Imagine then only two little changes.
Can you change the cells of your bodies, but if you could change the cells of your destiny?
What if you could change the sperm and the vulnerability, or change the recent flight, and give your children a better chance of a healthier life, eliminate the diabetes, eliminate healthy, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want any more healthy children?
And then that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent diseases is going to allow us to also adopt hypertension supernoundicters, a better memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jones engineer especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine machine?
Why don't we have a contrast muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer time?
This is going to be insurance.
And when we are in conditions of spending this to the next generation, and we could adopt the attributes we wanted to have become the evolution of before in the very neurologist.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have to get to them.
Are we going to use these choices in the position of a better society, more successful, more considerable?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform and more resourcefulness and more version?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the most profound thing about everything, are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit wisdom necessary to make these decisions challenging?
For good or worse, and before what might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900 feet high.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor doing clean, clean, classic.
Click, clean, climb, classic.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the DV.
It was the only one who could talk to flight attacks.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "There's no problem. We probably hit some birds."
The pilot had already served the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot encouraged the plane with the Hudson River.
It's usually not the route.
It turned out the engine.
Imagine being in an airplane and no noise.
And then three words.
The three most distinguished words I've heard.
He said, "Great for the impact."
I didn't have to talk more about flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror. Life was over.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought of all the people I wanted to get and didn't, all the fences I wanted to repair -- all the experiences I wanted to have and never have.
While I was thinking about it, I came up with a sentence, which is, "Collective wine wine."
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to reach anything in life.
And that organization, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as we were avoiding the George Washington Bridge -- I didn't have a lot -- I thought about, wool, I really feel a great mess.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity, I have tried to improve in everything I did.
But in my humanity, I also gave my ego as well.
And then the time I wasted in things that didn't matter with people that matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then as a measure of that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It's feeling of wonder.
I don't try to be right. I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is kind of like your mental clock goes down, 15, 14, 13."
You see the water approach.
I'm saying, "Please fly.
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those papers.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, Golden, die not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all of our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that sad started in a single thought, which is, I just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my children grow up.
A month later, I was at an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still --  And screaming, cried. Like a small one.
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
At that point, I understood by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
For above all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I became a miracle of not dying that day.
And I became another gift, which was the possibility of looking at the future and back and living in another way.
You are flying today, the challenge to imagine that the same thing is going on in your plane -- and please don't be like that -- but imagine, how would you change?
What do they do, they still expect to do because they think they're going to live forever.
How would they change their relationships and the negative energy on them?
And most importantly, are the best parents that you have?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most cool thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TV.
TEDx was one of the most important graphics in the 1980s.
One day he arrived at his house after he ran and said, "Dad, I feel a honest on the legs."
And that was the beginning of the ALS.
Today TEDx has total paralysis.
It can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something intricate that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided we were going to sponsor Tony Peter, TEDx, and his cause.
So I went and met with her brother and his father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are they going to do with him?
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and that he is able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, it's not that I see Stephen Hawking -- isn't that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices?
And he said, "No, unless you are a big one, and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do they communicate then?"
Does anyone see the movie "Frield and the Marine?"
They communicate that way -- they go through the finger.
I said, "That's architecture. How can it be?
So I presented to the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that signed a crash that didn't have the least idea of how I was going to cover it.
I got engaged with her brother and her father there at that very little moment, "All right, this is the treaty: Tony is going to speak, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back to make its art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much in their inner can't communicate it.
So I spoke at a conference a couple of months later.
I met these guys called Greece "Grandma Research Lab," who has a technology that allows them to project a light at any surface, and then with a laser dot, draw on that and record the negative space.
So go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that come in, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
First of all, they start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the Bush attacks and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentations.
And so the journey started.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a year later, after a lot of organization and so much moving things from one side to another we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of insurance companies, and we got a machine for TV to be able to communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing. I call it Young, because when I talk to the guy you get an email from him, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic."
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers around the world -- literally from all the corner of the planet -- to our house.
My wife, the kids and I, moved into the back and these hackers and programmers and constitutions and analysis took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought that we did something completely stupid and when we came back there would have removed the frames of the walls and in their place there would be gratification.
But for two weeks, we program -- we went to the sea floor of Venice, my son was a part, my dog too, and we created this.
It's called Edirophie "Ready, and you can see the description of it.
They are a couple of cheap sunglasses that we buy in the sea floor of Venezu Beach, some of the copper wire and Home Deporter things and Radio Shake.
We take a PST camera, we open it, we put it on a light of LED and now there's a device that is free -- it builds yourself -- we publish the free code.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says, "No."
There is no hospital that can say "No."
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much that was amazing.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TEDx room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person, and that's their room.
There was all this library and bird during the great opening.
And then over a year of planning, two weeks of programming -- intensive sessions of all night, Tony went back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life, and it's looking through the support system of your life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the hospital outside of the hospital.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you would imagine what the feeling was in parking in.
The funny thing was that we had to break into the parking stage, so we felt like we were reading graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email and this was what he was like, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I'd been under the water, and someone finally came to rescue me and would pull me out there so I could breathe.
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our war screen.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing us.
And we have a long way to go through this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magical screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserve much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free. None of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy: "Oh, this is fantastic.
Armstrong had something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions of 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up closing the circle, is that in April of this year in the Mexico of MoMA at the center of Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called Art in the Streets."
And "Art on the Streets is going to have the best expressions of urban urban art, Shepard Facebook, CAPTCHA -- they're all going to be there.
TEDTalk is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: If you see something that is not possible, I can make it possible.
None of what there is in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Crickets, nothing was possible at some point.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with an eye recognition technology, I just recognized something and I teamed up with wonderful people in order to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want us all to do every day when we find something we have to do with something that we have to do. If it's not now, what? And if I'm not me, who who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years by getting in very difficult situations and at the same time a little dangerous.
I went to prison -- hard.
I worked on a coal mine -- dangerous.
I filmed in areas of war -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- fun at first, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a large part of my career, I've been immersed in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to look at social issues in ways that come up with attractive, interesting, and hopefully analyze them in a way that they were entertained and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to make a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the pattern wanted to do something a little different.
So some of you may have heard it or not, a couple of weeks ago I took a bird in Ex.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, I offered the rights of my TEDTalk TEDTalk.
What was the following: "A U.S. "The President presented: my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is about and in content could explode it in your face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company by doing it.
But I said, this is a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you.
It's a title in progress, by the way.
So I still knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, you wouldn't have been able to tell them with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we looked at the world of the marketing -- the advertising world.
And as I said earlier, I've been in horrible situations over the last few years, but nothing could prepare me -- nothing could anticipate for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Spanish," I want to make a film that deals with product production, marketing and advertising, and that the whole film is funded by product and marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call "The greatest movie ever selling."
What happens in "The greatest movie ever sold is that everything from top at the bottom, from beginning to end, has brand images, all the time, from the assistance that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, Malica Stanford, the State Center.
These people are going to be associated by the film to the perception forever.
And so the film explores all this idea. Michael Kashet: It's remotely. Is it regular."
I am a story that is a retired. (Mom I'm just saying that. It was more for news.
It was "Perfect Person."
But we're not just going to have the X-ray sponsor in the title but we're going to make sure that we can get all the categories that we can on the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and it becomes the most cool shoe you've used for.
The most cool car you've done in "The greatest movie ever sells, the best chart you have drink, corresponding to "The largest movie corresponding ever selling."
Barry Korange," the idea is then also to show the marks as part of life, make them fund the film film."
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You'll see the whole process in this film.
That's the whole idea, all the film, from beginning to end.
And I would love that CEO help make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that, it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
Gue, though, I don't know how receiver people are going to be people.
KB: You have a perspective. I don't know if I "Okay, it's very negative, but you know how it is going to play? (Mom -- David Contamine: How much money does it need to do this?
MS: A million and a half million --   Very good. John Kansa: I think it's going to be hard to get the meeting with them, but certainly it's going to be worth convincing a couple of big marks to be worth of.
XL: Who knows, maybe for the moment that film comes out of us as a bunch of joyful ideological.
MS: What do you think it's going to be the answer?
Stuart Ruralm: Most answers will be not."
MS: But will be hard to sell it, for the film or to be I?
JK: Both things.
MS:  means you're not very optimistic.
So, they help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. MK: Good. Awesome.
MK: We have to think about what marks do.
MS: Yeah. (Music: that's the challenge. When you look at the people you have to treat to.
MK: We have some places where to go.  (Mass -- "Oh OK.
MS: I thought it would turn the camera, it meant we have a mechanical conversation.
It turns out the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film."
MS: And so it was, one for one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was shocked.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought the concept of advertising, was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the separate media scenario is not the idea to tell you with that new worthy worthy of attention that is going to bring the message to the masses.
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a cheschological error and that mistake was this.
Actually, no, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image.
See, when you look for transparency images in Google --    this is one of the first images that appear.
I like your running way, Sergey Brian. No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understandable.
You see, we heard a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians, the name of the name, is the name of the name, even the CEOs name it.
But suddenly when it's about making it reality, something changes suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency day fear --  -- like that weird bear that still keeps registrating.
It's unpredictable.   Like this weird rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risk?
Take an entire bowl of CO2 Washington.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell your story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is looking at me as I used to do -- he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, it's my story, and there's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanted to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard Kingstone of many years -- I realized that I would have to go on my mind, I would have to take off the middle and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to do with suddenly advanced -- what I started to realize -- is that when you start conversation with companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, huge, giant films and others who make small, independent films, like mine.
And my friends who make large Hollywood movies -- giant mouses, say the reason their films are so successful is due to the markers that they have.
And then my friends who make independent films say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant films of Hollywood?
And the film is called "The greatest movie ever selling."
How are we going to see banks specifically in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my boat, you'll see the Bank developed.
At any point during an interview with someone I can say, "Are you good for this interview for this interview.
You're ready? You see you a little nervous.
I want to help you calm up.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview."
And there he would offer one of these fabulous arms.
Both "Friender For Paradox is going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have both for man as for woman, solid to boom, in bars, whatever.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer their questions and give them a permanent look.
Karen Frank, we're a small brand.
Similar to the smaller kind of movies that they said, we are more well a rich brand.
So we don't have the budget that has other brands.
So doing things like this, you know, remember Bank to people is the reason why this interest us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bank?
Bank is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: higher technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the army.
Man: We talked about something bold -- fresh ...
I think it's a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus "the smell and the sub."
It keeps you.
How do we make you cool more time? With better fruit, the stronger fresh, three times the fresh.
Things like those who are going through the benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-disconnection company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man on the street, the people like me, to the common Peaces.
They have to talk to me about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand.
Man: Mmm my brand man?
I don't know.
I like the good gear.
Woman: Going back to the 1980s, pandemic paper unless it is a language day.
MS: All right, what is the Green brand.
Germany: Something unique. (Mom -- "Minor: unique. Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark glacier."
I like the dark colors, a lot of gray and things like that.
Usually I wear accessories.
Woman: If Dan was a brand might be a classic conversation, Mermaid Benevie.
Man 2: The brand that I am, I call it careful flight.
Woman 2: In part hero, in a God part, in part girl, Brooklyn, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of males.
I sell mass toys in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is Federal because I get the market out.
Man 5: Mark screwing framework.
Is that something else?
Aged, I am a lawyer.
Tom Tom -- I'm Tom.
MS: Well, we can all be marker Tom -- but often I get rid of the dark glamour intersection and casual flight.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed someone who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the marker personality."
And I found a company called Oslamed California on Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Neispotter, Ferrism, Hallas to discover that profit personality.
If they could do it for them, they surely could do it for me.
Agnessy, the photos, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family photo.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feel your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live in, like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things come together and start in a place and in my case they originated and start in my family, West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How do you relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who wanted to be me.
I like different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me about why, what does that look like?
What's the machine? What phase phase you find now?
Why is it important to reinvent? What does the red represents represent?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little bit more about you, which is not who you are.
What other metals have had have?
I don't have to have fear. What kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: Autonomou: Thank you.) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience -- (Moles: Great work, A, yeah. (Mom, thank you very much. Very good.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Linda Latherpotte, the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but complementary in your brand personality -- the Virgin Supercert brand is a consuming brand.
They spread very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong dots or in the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature -- to avoid things that they're not sure -- avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give you a little bit of positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are that?
The first here is the classic one, Apple.
And you can also see Talenthead here, Wiki, Mini of mine Cooper and Jebsta.
Now there are light marks and conscious marks -- those things that have gone and come in, but a local framework is something pretty powerful.
MS: A local brand launch, which is your brand?
If someone asks you to describe your manipulation identity, your bank personality -- what would it be?
Are you an approval attractive attractive? Are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you rather a destination attractive?
A little bit more calm, reserved, conservative?
The underlying attributes are like being playful to be fresh like Princeton, contemporary advance, arrests or authority like Eric Flood, fast or white, professional, magical or mystic like Galvan.
Or are you more abused attractive attractive?
Are you aware of it, sophisticated like 200?
Are you established, traditional, product, protection -- you identify with Oprah?
Are you relatively, stable, familiar, reliable family, safe, sacred, salted or sales, like the Dalai Lama or Young?
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, and submission and destinations, they said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this movie, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control of the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neurosurgeon, and we came to tell the story in this movie of how they use magnetic resonance to identify the desire centers in the brain both for commercial marketing and film.
We went to San Paulo.
Throughout the city over the last five years, there are no valleys, there are no cards, no volumes, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing road in schools with liquid problems in the U.S.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects in which I've had the greatest answer or the ones I've been more successful in are those in which I've interacted with directly things.
And that's what these brands did.
They took off the means, they took off their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to do to people who are going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how have they been going on? They were successful?
Well, since the movie is being been in the Sunday Festival -- let's take a look.
According to Burntful the film is being in January, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only a couple of weeks and a half.
That's only online -- no press, no TV.
The film is still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not in strategy.
It hasn't even been presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to gain momentum.
And it's not wrong because almost all the agencies that we talked about is they advised their customers not to be part.
I've always believed that if you take risks, that in those risks are opportunities.
I think when you get people out of that are pushing them to failure.
I think when you train your employees in the aversion at the risk you're preparing all your company to lack your reward.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities they can scare them.
Ultimately, moving forward, I think we have to give it to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We open fear. We open the risk.
From a cartoon at a time, we have to embrace risk.
And in fact, we have to embrace transparency.
Today, more than never a little honesty is going to go a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all of my talk "Laurental Transparency, has been presented by my good MIT friends who for 17,000 bought the names of the name in Ex.
IM: And turning big data into great companies around the world.
AIMS presents the Transparency."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So Morgan, in the name of transparency, which happened exactly with those 170?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a challenge to the name of the map of TED organization, the Saturn Foundation, a $1.23 challenge to be applied to my TED attendance of next year.
The idea behind the Susan computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest active to develop nuclear weapons is the installation plant of National in National.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we get to compromise these systems that control speed and valves. We can cause a lot of problems with the contact.
The gray boxes don't use Wilderness software -- they're a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put Windows effective virus into a portable computer used by an engineer to make this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind South Star.
We started with a Windows installation.
The obvious income to the gray box, damage the contact, and the Iranian nuclear program is demonstrated, made mission.
It's easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discover this.
When we started to research on Star six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown to me.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Web part of Windows: the installation used multiple darkness vulnerability.
It seemed like to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with Stribul, and we saw what happened with this.
So they had very strange things.
Strudite was behaving as a laboratory rat that he didn't like our cheese -- he waves, but he didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese sad, I realized, and I thought, "This is a directed attack.
It's completely director."
The installation is looking at the gray box in the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
If not, Stein does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It might be, let's say, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
We'd better discover the goal soon.
So we extracted and we displaced the attack, and we discovered that it was structured in two digital bombs -- a little bit and a big one.
We also saw that they were very deeply armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the dots that I would attack.
You probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Stanford installation is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much the old assembly language.
I want to tell you how we could make sense of this code.
What we were looking for at the beginning were called the system functions because we know what they do.
We then looked for temperatures and data structures, and we tried to relate them to the real world, with objective potential targets in the real world.
We need theories about destroying destructions that we can aim or disappear.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent capital, it must be a valuable white, and it's certainly located in Iran, because most infections have been reported.
You don't find several thousands of targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the Bush power plant of Bush and the Native routing plant.
So I said to my assistant, "Take a list of all the experts in centers and energy plants between our clients.
He called them and consumed them in an effort for putting their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital target with the control of the robot.
The robot is that cell part inside the center, that black object you see.
If you drive the speed of this broken, you certainly can break it and even make the center explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and disappear in an obvious effort to go nuts to the maintenance engineers, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital digital looking very close to data and their structures.
So for example, number 164 versus that code, you can't be obvious.
I started to investigate scientific literature about how these contaminations are built in Natasha and found that they're structured in what's called a capital, and every waterfall contains 164 centers.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These screens in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code.
A almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So that there isn't widers."
The results have been made after several weeks of hard work.
We were routinely finished in streets and we had to start again.
Yet, we found that both of these digital officials were pointing to one single and same goal, but from different angles.
The obvious little small is taking a waterfall and making the robots turn and reducing them, and the big big man communicates with six cars and manipulating tubes.
In sum, we're very confident that we've determined what the destiny is.
It's Natasha, and it's just Natasha.
We shouldn't worry that other goals are reached by Stribum.
Here I show you some very interesting things that we saw here, really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and it turns out the contaminations.
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provide legitimate code, which still executed during the attack, with false entry data.
And believe it or not, these fake entry data is made by Stribul.
It's like the Hollywood movies where, during the theft, the security camera is fired from video predicted.
Is it great in it?
The idea here is obviously not just to mock the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive, actually.
The idea is to build a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the great steam turbine is happening, you have to open up vacuum valves in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this can't do it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed to them, then they can pass bad things.
The plant can explode.
And not the operating system or the security system will notice it.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is generic.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with contaminations, with uranium increase.
It could work also for example, in an energy plant, or a car factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have a storm, which is going to disseminate this load with a USB key, as we saw in Studing Starium.
You could also use conventional technology technology to disseminate it.
Let me tell it as possible.
And if you did that, what you end up is with a magnitude of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large number of goals.
We have to face the consequences and the better we start preparing now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Rall, it has been public in many sides that people assume that Mosson is the main entity behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Langularen: Okay, really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My guess is that the Moss is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber supernova.
There is one single single one, and it's the United States, fortunately, fortunately lucky.
Because, otherwise our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you for advantaged. Thank you, Raliff.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give subjective skills, or another one that makes you use wheelchair users, and you go back and walk back.
In Berlin Bionescorses," we call these robots, exotics.
They're not different from something that gets in the morning, gives you a great force, which is also increasing its speed, and helps it help, for example, to drive the balance.
It's actually the true integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate and connect it with the universe and with other external things.
This is not a strong idea.
In order to show you now what we're working on, we start talking about the American soldier who, on average, has to take on its back a 45-year-old load of capacity, and it's getting even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage back.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help drive the issue.
Let me introduce you the Husboar -- or Port Carricanes of Human Carries.
Soldier: With the Husboar exoskeleton I can take 90 pounds per variable ground for many hours.
Their flexible design allows us to put in cells to drag and execute movements with great obesity.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I increase my strength and my resistance.
Eve Benjamin: We're ready, with our industrial society, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
So let's go back to the living of the wheelchair users, which I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people in the wheelchair around the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens often, very young people, with damage in the spinal column that when you start their life -- at the age of 20, 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that you have very quickly.
Their only option, many times -- for a brain injury or some other complicated -- is the wheelchair chair.
And this has been so for the last 500 years, from their successful appearance, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter on mobility.
Let me introduce you the EPC that is using Amanda Boston who was using Amanda Boston who had a injury in the spine column, and as a result, he couldn't walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Box: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our Ellegon, which I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
Don't get invasive in the crutches that send signals to the computer of the board, here in the back.
There is also a few batteries that give energy to the motors in the hip and in the knees and they make it move forward with this soft and very natural.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, for a stranger jump in the air, climbing down the bottom of the bottom was paralyzed.
In a fraction of a second, I lost all feeling and everything movement down the bottom.
Shortly after that, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Water, you'll never walk again."
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole up to the last peak of hope of my being.
And the adaptation technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to display it down at the bottom, scale rocks and even ride a hand bicycle.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the life to future generations -- not just soldiers, but Amazon, and all users of wheelchair to all.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the fall, practice sex to say hello, and the game is the order of the day, where fun is a serious thing.
And no, it's not the festival of the indigenous man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, meet their cousins.
This is the world of the wild Bonobos of Congo forests.
Bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known by their aggression, right?
But unfortunately, we've done too much finance in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big guys, terrifying terrorists, bonobos are in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence hasn't been observed yet.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understood of big apes in the world.
They live in the depths of the Congolese rainforest, and it's been very hard to study them.
Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the tenacity itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been taken for decades, and caused almost as many deaths like the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
Catastrophe meat and deforestation make you cannot fill a stadium with the bonobos that are left in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos you can hear the hidden laughter by measuring the trees.
Who are these principles?
We know them as the apes "Have the love, not the war, because they have frequent sex and primary and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying this is the solution to all problems in humanity because the life of Bonobos is more than the Dalai Steven.
Bonobos, like humans, love playing throughout their entire life.
Play is not just a game of children.
For us and for them, the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance to us.
With him, we learn to trust, and we learn the rules of play.
Play increases creativity and resilience and has to do with generation of diversity -- diversity diversity -- diversity diversity of behavior, community diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the evolutionary roots themselves, the dance and the human ritual.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken out of the wild medium.
First of all, it's a Bonobo style game, and I don't talk about football ...
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a personality.
Look at what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, which is shocked by balls."
I just think that in this case, he loves him, right?
Yeah.
So sexual game is common as well as humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play -- like texts -- and also how play requires trust and promotes trust, and at the same time is the most fun.
But the game is political.
The game is a politician, you can adopt a lot of forms, some of which are more common, imaginatives, curious -- maybe the place where the awe comes back.
And I want you to see -- this is Fuller, a young female who is playing with water all the time.
I think, like her, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and external worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact and then unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future that we need to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that the game is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, the game is our adaptation for adapt.
To adapt to a world that changes a world that we have to play.
But do we take our game capacity?
The game is not fragile.
The game is essential.
For bones and humans, life is not just cruel and desperately.
When it seems the least appropriate to play, you can be the moments in which it's the most urgent thing.
So primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together while we rediscovered creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York, I'm responsible to develop a nonprofit organization called Robin Home.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I combine fires as a captain assistant.
And in our city, where volunteers are complicated to a highly skilled staff, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to enter action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But still, there was a career standing against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found Captain capitalist, I was focused on a conversation with the owner that certainly would go through one of the worst days of his life.
We were in full night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a paradox, short, discovery, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer I just arrived before I was called Le Lat Luther --  came first to the captain and he asked him to go and save the dog of the house.
The dog, I was so celebrating."
There was a lawyer or a management of money that, for the rest of his life, would have to tell the people who walked into a building in a building in the call to save a live being alive because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me an advance.
He said, "Bellanary, I need to get into the house.
I need it to go up, go through the fire, and bring it to this woman a couple of shoes."
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I was -- I climbed up the stairs, at the end of the hall, happened to the real firemen that at that sort of height more or less had finished off the fire and entered the main room in search for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my charge back down the staircase where I met my Nishers and the beautiful dog in the main door.
We took out of the house the tables for the owner of the house where, as it was to expect, their treasure.
A few weeks later, the department got a letter from the owner of the house to be grateful for the brave effort shown to save his house.
The kindness that she looked at on the other was that someone had reached a couple of shoes.
So much in my voice in Robin Home as in my voice as a volunteer bomb, I'm witness of acts of generosity and kindness on a monartecture scale, but also acts of act and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look in this room to people who have done, or they're to get up, remarkable levels of success would like to remind me of this: Don't expect.
You don't expect to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to do, you get it now.
They serve food in a dining field, they cleaned up a neighborhood park.
They're mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone else's lives, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone's life.
So you go into the game. You save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Beeks: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1868 with a very simple idea: medical modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build things bigger than us, as buildings or bridges a brick at once.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, LGBT came up with this.
It was called automatic assembly bricks.
And in a few years, LGBT bricks.
It's estimated that they've made more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LGBT made it accessible.
LOL just adopted the concrete block -- the favorite in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick bars on each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block allows the transistor to create a lot more and more complex circuits -- a brick at once.
But there's a main difference -- the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are resistant to the experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing literature.
Let me show you how they work.
Lethan is electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're prepared to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is that they come together with images.
So you can't do it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the risk, the blue is the current, the pink is the input and the orange color is the adaptation.
So you only have to assemble a blue with a green and very quickly you can start making higher circuits.
A blue with a green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a regulator.
If we change the button by a pulse module. It's here, and now we have an interview light.
We added this little girl to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond simple game, letters are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and submit, literatures allow us to program using very simple intuitive gestures using it.
To make it stop faster or slower, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind literatures is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to reduce ready bricks to use.
Light, sounds, solar panels, motors, everything must be accessible.
We've given literatures to kids to see them playing with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that doesn't learn in schools.
For example, how a night light works, or why the door of a elevator is open, or how an iPod responds to the touch.
We've also led literatures to design schools.
So for example, designers without any experience in electronics start playing with literatures as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and filter, we have George creating George.
(Music sounds)  A few weeks ago, we took literatures to designers at Rhode Island, who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard and wood and paper and said, "Make something.
Here's an example of a project that they've done, a conference that was active by movement.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a management made of plated that has fear of darkness.
For these not engineers, letters became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be aware of all.
So letters have open code.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture it.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So ahead and invention.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company is seeking to engage with the environment.
The distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Mmm. Wait for a moment.
You can take a little bit in charge.
We can -- we can continue better to leave the video on a side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I already think of time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, he launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything they're supposed to stop, and we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called "The Commercial For America," and they would be like some Persian Peace bodies.
We selected some members every year and put them to work with the music.
Instead of sending them to the Third World we send them to the wild municipal world.
They did great applications -- they worked with the municipal employees.
Your task is to show the possibilities of today's technology.
You know Al.
It's a hallucination of the city of Boston.
So here it appears as if I look for a quote, but what it really looks for is that someone clean it up when you get caught down the snow because you know it's not very good at taking fire when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to ask for help in that single way?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of "Minoritian members of America."
They were there in February and at that time it was very much last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these hydrops.
But one of the members called Erik Michiganee noticed something more than citizens cleaned up the streets right in front of them.
So he did a good programmer, he developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrophobic.
You accept to clean it up when you snow.
When you do so, you put a name, in this case, I put it in.
If you don't do it, someone can rotate.
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the tiniest of the 21 programmed applications last year.
But it does something that no other technology of the government does.
And it spreads in viral form.
A system of systems from the city of Hollywood to see this app realized that I could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt the synthesis of tsunami.
It's very important that these single tsunami, but people are stealing the batteries.
That's why I ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to get citizens to take out the dangers that were taken.
And Chicago has just launched it to make people record to clean sidewalks when they snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been spread without friction, organic and natural ways.
If you know a little bit of government technology you'll know that this doesn't normally happen.
The acquisition of software usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then we were told that we had done it for normal channels that would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not nothing.
Now there is a project in the court of California that even time has cost 200 billion dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this on every level of governance.
So an app that is programmed in a couple of days, and it spreads in viral form is a kind of warning of warning to the government institution of the government.
It suggests the government better ways to work, not like private companies, as many people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather as the Internet itself.
I mean, without restrictions -- open and generation.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way of addressing the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem from a rented institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building tools to work together with efficiency.
And it's not just "College for America but there are hundreds of people around the country that contributed to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given by the government.
They feel a great frustration before that, but they don't complain about, they fix it.
And these people know something we've lost from view.
And it is that if you leave the side of the policy, the row in the DMV -- and all those other things that put us crazy -- the government is, in essence, in the words of Tim River: What we do together because we just can't.
Now, a lot of people have abandoned government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to recognize it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change, government.
And because the government in the last sum of us -- remember that from us, the village?" -- how to think about it to affect the way we produce change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government was trying to choose people to take care of it.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is, especially a matter of pirates.
This is the telephone care center and information.
It's the place that the calls are attending if you mark 311 in America.
Scott took this call.
They come up with "Brain in the base of official knowledge.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, can you open up the doors of the house, put it out loud music and see if it is?
And it worked. So well by Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the picks.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has a app and web and mobile called Chinese Congo.
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very smart people from the Office of New Mechanical Mechanical in Boston.
One day, this happened really comes this question: "Aging in my trash cube -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do to remove it?
The dynamic of Chinese Congo is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In Chinese Connecticut, everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I approached the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Zacher Zair." Yes. alive? Yes.
I went back. I went home.
Good nights, sweet stream."
Quite simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of the digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of the income of government to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technology definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to help and help others.
So one citizen helped other but here the government had a key role.
He connected the two people.
And it could have connected to the government services of being necessary but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than the government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we strengthen communities.
If we call the animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about the government is that it's not the same as politics.
Many people understand it, but they think one is the entrance of the other.
That our input to the government system is the vote.
How many times have they chosen a political leader -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we hope that government reflects our values and satisfies our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like a huge ocean and politics is the surface of 15 feet.
Below is what we call business.
And we say that word with a lot of destination.
But it's that destiny that belongs to us that we finance as something that operates in our face, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe that politics is sexy.
If we want this institution to work we have to make the bureaucracy sexy.
Because it's where the real government is happening.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
That makes the Olympic movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of citizens concerned that they've written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the request of the financial reform project.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us who have been researching to the government, it's time for us to ask what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think that we will get where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all of them?
We can't go from government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to replace the government function so that it can expand to strengthen civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet, and it knows that it's not that hard to act manipulated, only to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of age of our members is 28 years old, so I am, to regions, I'm a bigger generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about, they're all going to talk.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and they do.
So when they face the government problem they don't care very much to do their voices.
They're using their hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make the government work.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning up a hydrophobic, taking weeds off a trash cube that has a surgery inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydropsups, and many people do it.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we're not only consumers, not only are we consumers of government that pay taxes, and we get services.
We are more than that, we're citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the citizen.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a volume of voices, or will we be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in prison, prisons and in the corridor of death.
I've spent most of my life in slums, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'm going to be here at TED, watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things you say here are impact around the world.
In occasion, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that wouldn't have otherwise.
I say this because I think identity is truly important.
So here's fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach yourself a feeling, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, it is a charitable thing, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an American family dominated by a mathematician, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in all discussions in the family.
She started a lot of the decisions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia, about 1840.
She was born about the 1880s and his experience with slavery.
She was hard, but it was also love.
When I was a little bit and I looked at her, she was approaching me and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I was going.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and he came up and said, "Brave, still feel my adapt?
And if I said no, I would hold back and if I said yes, I would leave in peace.
I had this human quality that would always make you wish to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the least of 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight, nine years old, I woke up a morning, and I went to the room and there were all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
And then he looked at her and he said, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she stood up, he went through the room, he took me out of her hand and he said, "You see Bradley. We are both going to converted.
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I will never forget it.
He took me outside and said, "Brave, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anybody.
I said, "Okay, Mam."
She said, "Now I'm sure you're not going to do it." I said, "Sure."
Then he sat down, he looked at me and said, "I want you to know I've been watching you."
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want."
I will never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise three things, Brade."
I said, "Say, Mam."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise is you always want your mother."
Abador: "She is my chip, and you have to promise you will always take care of it."
As I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Mam, I'll do it."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise is you will always do the right thing even though the right thing is hard."
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, breast -- I'll do it."
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise me is you never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mam, I'll do it."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South, I have a brother a year older and a sister one year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a six-section package -- I don't know where I took it, grabbed my sister and me and went to the forest.
We just came up with the nuts.
He took a sip of beer, offered my sister, she took a little and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. All right. You know, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today I do it. And you always do the same thing as us.
I already took something, your sister as well.
I said, "No. I wouldn't feel good. You can go."
Then my brother looked at me.
He said, "What happens to you? Take a bell."
And I took it up with force and continued, "Oh, I'm not going to be thinking about the conversation with Mam."
I said, "But what are you talking about?"
He said, "Mom, you tell all the grandchildren that are special.
I was gone.
I have to admit something to you.
Let me tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this will spread widely away.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking, it's a virtual virtual, I say it for the power that identity.
When we create the right type of identity, we say things to the other ones that really don't see any sense.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe being able to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all their grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been pressure during the profit.
My uncle died of diseases related to alcohol.
And these were the things that, according to it, we had to engage them.
Now, trying to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in behavioral freedom.
And this massive incarceration in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities, you find so much destination, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One in three black people between 18 and the 30 years is in jail or in conditional freedom.
In urban communities across the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Bali, Washington, from 50 to 60 percent of all young people in color are in jail or conditional freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in front of the race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a court system that makes you much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not climate, but what the results are aware of.
And it looks like we feel very quiet.
The policy of fear and frightening makes us believe that these are not problems of us.
We're discovered.
I think it seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, they are leading to you right forever, if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of rights loss will be as high as it was before they approved the law of the right to the vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where it sits to 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this country prison for children, no possibility to come out.
We are now in the process of some lights.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in death row.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
We've been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for common crimes?
Very sensitive question.
But you can think another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for the common crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty is defined by mistake.
In every nine people executed -- it's identified one that is innocent that is extended and released from the death of death.
An amazing rate of error -- an innocent in every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation it would never be allowed for planes if in every nine that you would wake up, you would have to star.
But somehow we have a problem of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk to you about slavery.
I tell you about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the rebuilding and that lasted to World War II.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid to be list.
They were worried about being bombed.
The threat of the terror was what defined their lives.
Now there are older people who come up to me and say, "Mr. Stevenson, you talk about talks, it makes speeches -- I give people to stop saying that in our history we lead for the first time with the terrorism, after 9/11.
They ask me to say, "No. I say we grew up with that."
The age of terrorism, obviously, with secretion and decades of racial and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about races, I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregation without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving lectures about death row.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's good enough to listen to what you say.
Adaman: We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We can never have it here."
The room stood in silence, and a lady said, "There is no way that with our history, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately, we were going to run people."
Think about this.
How do we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would run to people, especially if they were in their majority of Jews?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this disconnect there.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really care about these hard issues, positive and wonderful things are -- however, implicated.
We love innovation.
We're fascinated by technology. We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are driven by suffering, abuse, degradation.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We lately talk about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking about and talking about the poor, the based, those who will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are -- despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
With innovation, with creativity, development comes not only from brain ideas.
These things come from ideas as well as the heart conventions as well.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to look at not just the bright and democratic, but also in the dark and the difficult.
Valley Halebook, the big legal leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering the operation, we had all sorts of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, orientation for the spirit, a willingness to be in design sites and being researchers."
Well, that orientation for the spirit is practically in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, should be committed.
There is no disconnect related to technology and design, which allows us to truly be human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exploration, to inequality.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find it.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer to meet Rosa Parks to meet Rome.
These women come together just to talk.
Occasionally, Mr. Carl called me to say, "Brave, come up with the Park Park. We're going to meet you to speak.
Do you want to come and hear it?
I said, "Yes, lady. I know it."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come from?"
And I said, "Listen.
So I went and I just listened to them.
It was a very very very very very very embarrassed. It was very liberate.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks rushed to me and said, "Now Bruto, I love that this idea of egalitarian justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving it my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted of inspired.
We tried to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We tried to end up with the senses of life, without a direct freedom for children.
We tried to do something about death row.
We try to reduce the population in prisons.
We tried to end up with massive incarcerated.
I gave it all my best speech, and when I finished me and he said, "I member Mumber Mumber."
And I said, "Dear advanced, very adaptable."
At the time, Ms. Carl leaned up, put her finger on his face and said, "It's why you have to be very but very bad."
I think the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find a way to address those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each of us is higher to the worst we have made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to it, not that it's a pandemic.
Even if someone kills another, it's not to be a murderer of it.
This is why I think there's a basic dignity in the people who must be respected by law.
I also think that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite to poverty is not wealth.
That's what it is.
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it is very dramatic. Very beautiful, very lit -- very estimated, not being judged by our technology, by our design, or our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end, you judge the character of a society, not the way you treat the rich, powerful and privileged but the way you treat the poor, the condoms, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand really profound issues about what we are.
Sometimes I feel destroyed. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
You get tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these guys who have been sentenced with a lot of sleep.
I go to jail and I see my 13th and 14 years old, which have been hard-to-day for them as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone into what it is?
The judge was known as an adult, but I see a child.
One night too late I was thinking -- I was thinking, "Oh God, if the judge can become something that you are not, you must have magical powers.
Yes, Brad, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think right, but I started working on a mountain.
He had a 14 year-old client, a tiny, poor, black.
I started working on the mountain, with an advision that said, "Money for my 14 year-old black client to be treated as a 75-year-old privileged white exhibition.
In the crowd I had been a behavioral behavior in the performance, in the behavior of police and the process.
There was a living line on how this country is no ethic but a lack of ethics.
In the next morning, I woke up thinking about that instant machine would be a dream, or really I wrote it?
For my horror, not only had it reduced it, but had sent it to the court.
It was about two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided -- oh God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I went up to the car and felt really excited, overwhelmed.
I went into the car to court.
I thought this would be very difficult and personalized.
I finally came down from the car. I walked to court.
I was climbing up the stairs when I found a older black man, it was the constant of the judge.
When he saw me, he came up to me and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer." He said, "Is you a lawyer? Is you a lawyer? I said yes.
So I got appropriate and hug me.
And I stood up in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was very very very very very very very very very long.
That was deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
The judge was coming in.
He said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this army mountain?
I said, "Yes, Mr. I was me." And we started discussing it.
People started coming. They were all indicated.
I was the one that had written those madness.
The cops came the aspects of the assistant fishing, the autism.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people -- all surprised because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the eye of the eye I managed to see when he was and he came in.
He looked down the window and encouraged all of that scream.
I kept walking over here and there.
Finally, this old black black, in the face of worry, walked into the room and sat behind me, almost on the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge made a reception.
During the break, an assistant of the score was offered because the conservation had entered the room.
The assistant is abused over the old black.
And he said, "Jim, what do you do in the audience?
And the old black stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said, "Come into this audience room to tell this young man who kept his view on the "struggle with feature."
I have come to TED, because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds into justice.
That we cannot be truly evolved if we don't care about human rights and for dignity.
That our survival is bound to each other.
That our visions of technology, design and entertainment and creativity should lead to fruitions and compassion and justice.
And above all, those of the speakers who share this, I just want to tell you to keep the view on the goal with feature.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, this community, to help in your purposes.
Something that's not a check. What can we do?
BJ: There are several nearby opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum this spring in which an effort is going to be a effort to deliver the funds that are spent today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars in death penalty in the next five years.
And despite this, 47 percent of the cases of homicide don't conclude in areas.
56 percent of rapes don't get anything.
Here's a change opportunity.
This refugee is going to propose that these funds get rid of making the law, the security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in the criminal in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, it's said that it has to do with the biggest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who think that is?
JS: Actually, the rate of criminal with violence has remained relatively stable.
The big growth in massive incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's because of the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase in the prison population.
And we let us convince the pastor of punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people to perpetual chain, to steal a bicycle, for little crimes against the property, rather than making those resources back to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of criminals and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment doesn't do anything about anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brown, you've been excited about today here.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats by Bin Laden's death.
Voice 2: Hamburgh in Somalia, Motherfall 3: The police raised O.C.
Announcer: Companion forget -- Motherfall 5: Crockdam mortals.
Announcer: Second school." Mother 73, 65 dead.
Announcer: Allender of the Tumberrane. Announcer: California.
A number of local local local local laws: Marianne destruction -- mass destruction.
Recenting. Bangladesh. Final Justice. Egypt. Syria.
Crisis. Death -- disaster.
Oh, my God!
Peter Diamonds: These are just some of the clips that I got over the last six months, and it could be about the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that press media prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention to them.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second one day our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters more than survive, the first stop of all of that data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called an ambition.
The amygdala is our early warning detector -- the danger detector.
I ordered and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So from a dozen stories we will prefer to look at negative.
That old paradise of the pressure, "If there is blood, selling, is very true.
And since all digital devices give us negative news about seven days a day, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising we are peace.
It doesn't surprise that people think the world goes from bad into worse.
But maybe not.
Maybe instead, what really happens is we get distributions.
Perhaps the enormous progress done in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problem: climate change, species extinction -- water scarcity and energy -- no doubt we have.
As human beings, we're really good at available to the problem, and in the long run, we end up with them.
So let's go through the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average of life is more than doubled -- the average income per capita adjusted by inflation has been tripled around the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
In addition, the cost of food, electricity, transportation and communications, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy went from 25 to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to be able to get more and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators television, mobile airplanes, air conditioning and cars.
The bar magical grandmasters of the past century, the emperor of the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
Now, supporting a lot of this is technology, and lately its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that stops in information technology jumps in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubled the price of price in about 12 to 24 months.
That's why the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a superconductor in the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's the Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, how soft it is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession and depression and and on.
It's the result of fast computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop before any of the big challenges.
And although it's graduated on a law on the left, it curve goes up.
The growth rate of technology is getting faster.
And in this curve, to Moore's Law, there is a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends of Autonomiss call infinite computing and sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuels, vaccines and food, digital medicine, nanotechnology and food.
I mean, how many saw the victory in Japanese of Watson, from IBM?
It was peris.
I looked at newspapers the best headline that I had.
And I loved this one: "Waters see human options."
"Jeopardy" is not an easy game.
I play with the mathematics of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone on the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singapore University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service that can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the lives of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have been absorbed.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating fancy life for every single inhabitant on the planet, it's about creating a life of possible.
It's about taking that that is scarce, and getting it obtate.
You see, scarce is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of National II in the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Sanda.
National troops ate with silver covered and the same National people with gold covered.
But the king of Sanda, ate with aluminum covereis.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet -- it's worth more than gold and plate.
This is why the tip of the monument to Washington is alien.
You see, even though the aluminum is 3.3 percent of the Earth's mass, it doesn't come as a pure metal of the Earth.
It's ride by oxygen and silks.
But then the electron came up and made the aluminum something so cheap that we used it as a spread out.
We projected this analogy towards the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are on a planet that is 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to Earth 16 energy tools every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarce, but accessible.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the solar energy cost in India is 50 percent less than the production of the decade: eight rupees versus 17 rupees.
The solar energy cost fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity will cost six cents a hour per hour compared to 15 cents.
And if we have energy abundance too, we have plenty of water.
Let's talk now about wars for water.
You remember when Carl Sagan pointed out the Voyager Space spacecraft, in 1990, after Saturn happened?
I took a famous picture. How did it call it?
"A pale blue dot.
Because we live on a planet of water.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent per water.
Yeah, 97 percent is water water, two percent is ice, and we fight for half of the water on the planet, but there's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
National narratives, nanoscales.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the backyard -- I'd like to share with you, I gave me permission to do that, and his technology called Scotland -- it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water on the day of any source -- water -- contaminated water, a letter, for less than two cents a gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola has just agreed to do an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out right, and I have a full confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it in 200 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation for this technology that is today.
And we've seen it on mobile phones.
Oh my God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration in the developing world by the end of 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to tell you with a smart mobile phone, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communication that no one might have ever predicted.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of GPS dollars, video, images, book libraries and music technology, medical diagnostic technology, now democratized and lost market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes when you get the health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Mallongon Foundation something called the X Mallwike Tricky, 10 million dollars.
We are challenging the world's teams to combine these technologies in a mobile device with the one they speak with, and because it has A.I. -- they can take, they can extract blood from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the marketing charge is 25 percent and there are 1.3 percent worker workers.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA that doesn't recognize the health of health and first to prevent the pandemic on it.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billion increasing.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the seven billion brand.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to bend the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, going from two billion to five billion users on the Internet.
Three billion minds never before the global conversation.
What are these people?
What do you do? What wish will you have?
And instead of an economic collapse, we'll have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And more health care is thanks to the Trivation, from a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we give us about three billion more members of humanity, educated and productive healthy.
How about voices never before earlier?
What if we give them the operatings, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and able to act for the first time?
What are these three billion?
What if they're contributions that we can't predict?
One thing I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that they could only do big corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know about.
It's called Ford.
It emerged at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein.
The folds determine the structure and the functionality.
It's a very important thing in medical research.
And so far, it was a supercomputer problem.
They've played with these college professors, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people were joined and started playing it.
And it's shown that today the recognition machinery of human patterns is better by collecting proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, which gives me enormous confidence in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the innovative innovation.
We have the capital capital.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The correlation of the game point.
And as the idea can be explained in a minute, I will give you three examples to do time.
The first story is Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1835.
You might think that you would pursue pieces, but it wasn't like that.
They actually collect fish.
And he described one of them as very common."
It was the memory.
I found it very much until the 1880s did.
Now the fish is at the Red List of India.
But we've heard this story many times, on Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special about it.
But the case is we still come to Galapagos.
We still think they're president.
The filmmakers still say they keep intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, it also illustrates another concept: the display of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could get in.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The grain was surrounded by palms, and as you can see, from a manufacturing.
There were the tiles of about 20 centimeters -- black barber.
And the fishing of this thylacine was very abundant and spent for a good moment, so it was earning over the middle of Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the number of fish had declined half.
They manipulated the five inches of metabolism.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
So nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was complicated in the introduction of the arranger fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s. In the 1970s, Europe did a lot of development projects.
The fishing development was supposed to impose countries that already had 100,000 fish, impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, quite ugly was called the Muslim four.
I went out fishing on him, and we did studies in southern China, and especially in the Japan.
What we captured there was something inevitably.
We captured now, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were spaces, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most fish are tiny manifestations about the rest, remains of coral reef fish.
In short, the bottom of the sea came to the deck and then it was thrown up.
These images are extraordinary, because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The background happens to be a solid boundary of color, in this case, to be a light.
This is a dead turtles.
They didn't eat them. They dismiss because they were dead.
One time we captured a alive.
I was still not stuck.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of debris is what the fishermen pick up every time they go to a zone that they never fish in.
But it doesn't get document.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this happens something like this.
On the axis and we have good things: biodiversity, lots of origins, the green of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation using the images received at the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extracted it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the happy change.
And at the end of the end, keeping up some restrals in the end.
And that, in large measure, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predator societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal which is very abundant before we extend, it is unusual.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose a little bit of frequent animals.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a great loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become very often, because we fishing them.
And over time they're a few fish, but we think that's the point of participation.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, many people, scientists, question that it was very different.
And you'll do it because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they would expect the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of them are like, like captain such as captain such as a lot of fish in this area can't be used, or, usually they don't use the scientists of the fish, because it's not scientific."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we lived in instructional societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the enormous role that can make a protected marine area.
Because with the marine protected areas, we really read the past.
We read the past that people can't conceive because the point of participant has run out and is extremely low.
That's for people who can see a protected marine area and they can benefit from the vision that they provide them, which allows them to erase their participation point.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Media West, for example?
I think there is the arts and the cinema maybe you can fill the vacuum. The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Chefs Bay.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in Cheekless Bay, 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that the mathematics and the animals are like "Allenda."
And if you think about "The "Allenda," if you think about why people moved with the movie -- not to talk about the story of Pearlo -- why do you move with the pictures?
Because I evoke something that, in a sense, has lost it.
So my recommendation -- the only thing I give, is Cambodia, to make "I "Disable II: underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Accent, the Green Tenta Tentality, and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why videos are being made and how important it is.
We all want to be stars -- celebrities celebrates, singers, commercials, when I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today the web video makes any of us, or our actions, a new note on a part of our global culture.
Anybody can be done famous on the Internet in a sanitation.
They get over 48 hours of YouTube per minute.
And of those, just a little percentage of them is virtually, it gets investigative and cultural movement in it.
How does that happen?
Three things: traditional creators, participation communities and surprise.
Okay, let's start with.
Bern Vanison, oh, my God, my God.
God."
Wow.
Oh, guideline."
KA: Last year, Bernard Visit published this video filmed outside his house in the National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the popular rise of the past summer.
Bell is not supposed to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if you're called Joseph Mountain Bernek.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimmer.
Jimmy Bimmitta published this tweets that calculated the video to the popularity video.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kimmer presented us and interesting things and distinguish them to a wider audience.
Rebecca Blue:  It's Friday -- Veronica. You have to start Friday --   All of you want to get on the end of a week, the weekend.   Friday, Friday -- starting the Friday --  KA: Don't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
"The Brazilian Black Revolution is one of the most popular videos of the year.
You saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like "Archive were weak, this video seemed to have emerged from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks are also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday one."
Well, the Tamil took it, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Mississippi Science Taliban, was one of the first people to do a joke on Twitter.
But the important thing is that one person or a group of trends of trends take a point of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 parallel parasites on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other day.
Unlike the industrial entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon by making it something new with it.
"No Catheric California is a repetitive animation with an agreed music.
So, that's it.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know there's a three-year-old version that has seen four million times.
Until the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But what's important here is the creativity that I woke up between the Internet technology community.
There were records.
Someone did a version of the old one.
And then it became international.
All of a sudden, it emerged a whole commercial community that made this happen to be a silly joke to something that we all can do.
Because today we don't just enjoy today, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who might have predicted "Architectural "Reading or Rebel Black or "No Kansa Catholi?
What a guide could have written to do with this situation?
In a world where you get two days of video for minute, just that really unique and unexpected thing can be stayed out of the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against the crowds in New York, I admit that I don't care too much.
Casey Niger: I was pleased by not circular for biodegradation, but often there are obstacles that prevent you properly through the biophical.
KA: Thank you the surprise effect and your humor, Casey Ninth was able to get five million people to see and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth all that new we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads us to a big question.
Bernard Vanison, what does this mean?
Oham.
KA: What does this mean?
The trends of trend -- creative communities of participation, totally unexpected, are features of a new kind of media, a new culture, which we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity that defines popular.
As I said, one of the current celebrities of the world, Justin Berkeley, started in YouTube.
They didn't ask for permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit of a dream of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media -- they're barely the current media, but they will define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that is still bringing.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a dragon, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unit and freedom of his country.
So imagine as the communist comes into Saudi, facing the fact that their life had been totally in the window.
The words, for so much time friends, now they look at it.
It was reflected in silence.
He died by history.
So he's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in vanity, and my lesson was to learn that history tried to spread up, but we succeeded.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when they go through quietly to the sea.
My mother, May, was just 18 years old when his father died, and a confident marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been unleashed to a single task -- the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was incident for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four years of a four that challenged the fiction, a boat went down to the dead dead dead descend.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pirates, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a fall with poison.
If we were able to get caught. We first took it my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rate of the engine, the product in every wave and the vast and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirates that came several times, but they were declined with the value of men in our boat, or the engine dying and couldn't fit for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to fund the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given for the men of the platform.
No apple had after the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we deployed in Mellon.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women across three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in Forcer, a workforce in the workforce whose population is composed of immigration.
Unlike the average class suburbs whose existence I knew, in Forest, had no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the stores were the rest of the world.
And the extractive English fragments were traded between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked on farms, then on a car assembly line, working six days, double stream.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title on IT technology.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned and established an extra tutor in English and mathematics, no matter what it should be taken, which was generally new clothes, was always a second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the talents, because I had to last six years.
And there were weird and painful shorts on the strangers and some graturemantary -- "Asians," comes home."
At home, where?
Something in me was destroyed.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to get them."
My mother, my sister and I sleep in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted every night, but we were told about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered fights, all of the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmare would start to be able to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then he studied to be statistical and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition and angry, and injuries and translated kids trapped between two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and patterns.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was classical Asian student, implanted with what I was demanding from myself.
In the other hand, it was conducted in prison lives, tragically launched by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many got help over the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year of aggregator, I was elected the young Australian young of the year.
And I was catched from a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit up.
So read, announcement of Force, was now so read, refugee and social activist invited to talk about sites I had never heard about, and in houses whose existence would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use covereist.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to remind the routine and the comfort of life in a subjective subjective -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, counting over the day of each and running drops, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
He reminded me that I had now the same age that she had when we got to the ship.
He had never been an option.
"I said, "I said, "You don't be what you don't do."
So I talked about youth and education and decline to marine and disasters.
And the more frankly he talked about, the more I was willing to speak.
I met people from all the paths of life, many of them doing what they loved -- living in the border of the possible.
And even though I ended up my limitation, I realized I couldn't stay in a career race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a unknown, a newly arrived -- and not just that it's right, but it's something that I will be grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside can easily mean to collapse the horizon, it can easily mean to accept the presence of your province.
I gave the enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world is destroyed, but not the way we fear.
Possible possibilities.
There was an energy there, an instable optimism -- a rare mixture of humility.
So I followed my intuition.
I teamed up to a small group of people who the motto can't do was a strategic challenge.
For a year, we didn't have a penny of it.
At the end of every day, he made a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We worked until the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy but some brilliant ones, and we opened up.
I made the decision to move to the United States.
From a single journey.
My heart again.
Three months later, I had moved on, and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up at a time where Congress was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who matters.
Life had not changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother grew up alone.
At the age of 17, it became connection of a Manhattan whose mother beat it.
With no support of his husband, he caused a break when he was demanding and taking the cause herself and much more returned when he won.
He can't do it proved to be wrong.
He was in the shower in a hotel in Sydney when she died, 1,000 miles in Mellon.
I looked through the shower of the shower and saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to go.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Foothousa and sat around their athlete.
We tell stories and we make sure we were still with it.
At night a monkey came and told us he had to close the atom.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monkey, "Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold?
"Because you've taken your hand since the morning."
"Don't have it."
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given who we were and how life formed us, we now can see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could wish that for you?
However, I fear the privilege of easy, the right.
Can I give you a product in their lives, subsidizing it in every wave, the constant pace of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee nothing?
I don't know.
But if I could give you and look at it, I would do it.
Travel Neishes, and also the mother of so is today, in the fourth or a fifth row.
My story begins in Rats about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sufi Saudi Muslim Air.
We were talking about how nothing has changed since the time of the old Indian epidemic "The Marine."
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel we jumped into a car, we had a car and supply the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time, when I And Archive, the great Indian warrior prince -- I had silk, I took a bow and a flower on the floor, got water.
Now we do the same with tables and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machine had replaced magic.
And that was a lot of fun.
I felt a little more television every time.
I was terrified about this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't tweet my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow magic.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his white pollution of pocket.
And this technology piece of 50 years was for me the most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, of pirate and narratives in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones, luxury clocks and cameras prevent that we are.
They cool our inspiration.
So I launched myself to this technology world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
It illustrates books since 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect the readers in the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
I'll put the text together with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The narrative becomes increasingly multimedia.
But what does that look like?
I'm about to launch Khan, an interactive app for iPad.
He says, "You put your fingers on every light.
And so --  says, "This box belongs to -- I write my name.
And so I become a character of the book.
In several times, I get a card -- the iPad knows where to live thanks to GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner child gets excited with all of these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but to that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we are working on children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar were always amazing.
So over here, we have to tilt the iPad.
And really light your way into what you rest of the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated by girl was that a whole galaxy was a ball on a ball.
So here, every book and every world becomes a ball that I drag into this magic device inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In every fantasy book, there have always been maps, but they have been static maps.
This is a map that grows and fluctuated and guide you during the rest of the book.
And at certain points of the book, it also reveals it.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another really important aspect to me is to create Indian content and at the same time.
These are the sparks.
We've all heard of the fairies and the negatives, but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts -- they would spread them?
These poor people have been trapped in the cameras of Iran for millennia, in an old and feet book.
So we're bringing them back into contemporary childhood history.
In a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems of the last 10 years has been the changes of the last 10 years -- attached to their CPUs, haven't gone out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can pull our kids into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out on the outside, take the camera or iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections of palacemen, stones, junkish and containers.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to recover this ritual of childhood, you have to go out and in a chapter to take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So this is a digital collection of photos that then you can put on the Web.
A picture of London puts a picture of a drone and says, "Oh, I saw a drive."
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And this sort of social network is created around a collection of digital pictures that have been taken out.
Within the variations of connection between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video fires and actually come up with a group of animated greens that appear on the interior plants in the house.
At a moment, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and put them to be able to read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where the forces of nature are interacting with technology and magic and technology are closer to another.
We leverage the energy of the sun.
We are approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic and joy and child love that we sat through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why many technology projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the University University was to figure out a director of listen.
And not in a very scientific way, she took a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and known -- what happens?
"How can we help you?"
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what all of us, or maybe not all, but most of the reality projects fail because we stopped listening.
This is my William list. It's very simple.
It has a fire blade and off.
Every morning I got off.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 Kibus.
But it's so simple, every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Health.
And my healthcare doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time when you need a carbon care or some urgency of that style but to see it backwards.
But there's something else.
As some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So, every morning I connect myself to my list Wikipedia and before I go up to my car, people start to talk to me, Leonardo today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week I will be available.
This little future connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people might be able to take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, back to recover control and capitalism of their own boat, but it also can help us to healthcare because of the challenges that we face, like the firing of the cost of drug attention, the doubling of demand and other issues.
To do techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also by crossing.
And one of the things we did I'd like to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation controls in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the car boxes are at Mather.
Also where all the gas are.
And of course, we can find fast food chain.
But where is Descrica closest to help this patient?
We asked, but nobody knew that.
Nobody knew where to get the DRC saved lives right now.
What we did was we did crossing in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the public "like, you see Desair, please send them up, damage where, and when it's open, because sometimes they open in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 Delisting are already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the app for that.
And we did an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Larry, augmented reality, to find these DR.
And every time they are in the city of Matherland and someone collapsed, they can use their iPhone, and the next weeks use their Microsoft cell phone to find the nearest DR.
And from today, I'd like to introduce this one, not just like Desail 20, which is the name of the product, but also like Muslims.
And we wanted to start it globally.
We're looking at all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act as a center for the crime of the DRC around the world.
Every time they're on vacation and someone collapses, it can be a person or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DRCs.
You could be a message service or phone people, for example, to see if the DRC that is shown is still in place.
Please help us in this and not just improve health but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it the photograph?
Because, of course, they're photographs that you can't take with your cameras.
My interest for photography woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
He mixed up with my previous passion for drawing but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera the camera was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends up when you press the publisher.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the right time.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that started by pressing the publisher.
Photographers like this: a construction on a very controlled road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite that, it keeps a level of realism there.
Or pictures like these, dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of relationship.
And when I say reality, I say photographer.
Because, of course, it's not something that can be captured, but I always want it to seem to be captured in some way as a photograph.
Photographs where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea that with capturing a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Is it the details or the colors?
Is light intervene?
What is the illusion?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective.
But in the end, it's about our way to interpret the world, and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface.
It's not really about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imagined objects that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way can create something that is still three-dimensional as if it exists.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it really doesn't make sense.
And I see the same process when we combine pictures.
It really is to combine different reality.
And the things that make a picture seem realistic I think they're the ones we don't even think, the things that surround us in our everyday life.
But by combining photographs is very important to consider it, because otherwise something looks bad.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective.
Second, the combined pictures must have the same kind of light.
And these two images come with these requirements -- they were taken at the same height and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of the different images with a perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is computers.
This is another example.
So you might think this is the image of a landscape and the lower part is manipulated here.
But this picture is totally composed by photographs of different places.
In the staff, I think it's easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put your ideas in your head.
But it takes a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter, I knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing trip.
The costs are from a different location.
The sub-Saharan part was captured in a stone floor.
And yes, I even did red the house of the top of the island so it would look more soft.
So to make a realistic result, I think it takes planning.
You always start with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the outcome can be very beautiful and at a very realistic time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
Let me start by showing a slide about technology, very boring.
Please if you can put it in.
It's a diagram that I took from a folder.
I'm not so interested in showing you the details, but the general aspect of it.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of RISD microscopes, versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this, like many other ones that we tend to see, is kind of a straight line on a logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude at the performance scale.
Talk about technology with sensory curves is something new.
So here's something weird here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please pick up the lights.
It would need more intensity because writing on paper.
Why do we plot technological curves in logarithmic scales.
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal curve where we say, these are the years, or some of the time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to graduate, the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if you plot it, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a semi-out curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something happens like this, it's a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology was moving as fast as microscopes, we could tomorrow, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of technological development of a refrigerated growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to argue is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
It will happen one of two things.
Or it's going to be a typical curve -- I know like this until it's completely different, or maybe it will do something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
If so, now we would be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we are in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new shape.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask me, is, what is that new way that added the world?
What new state is the world?
The transition seems very, very confused if we're embedded in it.
I remember the future in the year 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been excused, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
And we can feel it.
And we know it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it will all be so different than extracting what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk about how it might be, how it might be that transition that we experience.
But to do that, I will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and I.T.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at the long-term things.
The time scale that I'd like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we turned about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals floating around it.
If we look at the way those chemicals are organized we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is, at that time, I had floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil droplet contained a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside, and so the drops grew up.
And they started divided.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell shapes, those oil droplet rotass.
But those droplets weren't alive, in the current sense, because each one of them has a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they were divided by just an unequal distribution of the chemicals that they content.
So every gorilla was a little different.
In fact, the drops that somehow differ by being better at the time of incorporating the chemicals -- they grew up, they built more chemicals and they divide more.
They generally lived longer. They were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these droplets learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways that we don't understand these droplets learned how to store information.
They learned to save information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were in order to replicate it.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved 2,500 million years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every single living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- we can now write things with this code.
Here I have 100 white dust microbes that I try to hide people in the airport.
But it goes -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data on this DNA fragments and I amplified it 10 to the 22 times.
And so if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card -- I have a lot of for all the speakers -- in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If it was a colleague I would have put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step.
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This caused these cells to be happy another billion years.
But then another big interesting step in which things became very different, and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information forming these cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
That way, for example, evolved antibiotic resistance.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and caught them to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many resistant to penicillin, because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place to form communities that, in a way, were together in that, and they set up a symphony together.
So they survive or fail together, or if a community was very successful, all of the individuals in that community were reproduced more and they were affected by evolution.
And the point of inflection happened when these communities were approaching so much that, in fact, they came together and decided to write all the recipe in the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And at that stage we have multi-controlled communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multi-dimensional community.
We have lots of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscle of the muscle, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels that the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to abstract information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than processing information in community.
They're the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being the responsible structures of recording, understanding and transmit information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the period of evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learn not to eat a certain fruit because I knew bad and sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism given that before they had built these information processing structures that the evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system builds those information structures to greatly accelerate the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual.
It could happen in time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, the individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a vague idea, in your head.
I'm sitting here by emitting a few graduates, and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confusing, in his heads that I hold some analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated we turn it into sound, in sound sequences and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to do abstract.
Now we go through periods similar to multicellular organisms, and we abstract our record methods and presentation and information processing.
For example, language invention was a little step in that direction.
The phone, the I.T. computer, the CDC, etc., are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that connects us to something much bigger and faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microbes.
You saw the evolutionary mission of Toy in which I produced some evolution with the Victoria program, before our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the scales of time again.
The first stages of the story that I told you took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, language and so on, took less than a million years.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process is reflected -- I guess authority is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see the process feedback.
But I make my life design computers, and I know that the mechanisms I work to design them would not be possible without the recent computer advances.
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know it does every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead of that, with the Designers of Tanzanian Machine, we think of an abstraction level, we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that was previously not allowed to get far further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I make methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method I've been using is the evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the micro-forget scale.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please computer, you can run a hundred million sequences of the reading?
Could you run these sequences of instructions at random, to execute all those programs, and take those who are closer to what we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
So let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random instructions of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did.
But one, luckily, I could do two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that did the task?
Let's take those and eliminate the rest.
And now we reproduce the ones that are best ordered by the numbers.
And we would reproduce them by following a process of reconciliation analog to sex.
We take two programs, which will get children, who exchange subjective, and children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs of programs of programs that had a little bit more successful.
And we say, "Please, repeat the process."
Health again.
Some mutations come in.
And it tries again and I try and repeat with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that order absolutely perfect numbers.
In fact, they're a lot more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark programs, strangers.
But they make the job.
In fact, I know, I have the security that you get the target because they come from a line of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
I was going on a 747 with Marilyn Michael and I pulled up a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This airplane has hundreds of thousands of participants working together to offer a safe flight. Doesn't it make you feel common?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make good design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering.
But we don't understand all the choices that there is.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can run these programs much more quickly.
I mean, it's feedback.
The thing gets faster and faster and that's why I think it seems so confusing.
Because all these technologies are reflected.
We're closed.
And we're at an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they became multi-like multimeting.
We are the ants, and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant in our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever comes from.
But now comes the lunch and I think standing here before they get rid of me.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've been exposed enough time to allow me to be part of my false pressure on that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, we talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We are close to the end of the World serious.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's for removing "the rules: talk about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team.
I'm going to focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called the battery average.
And we talked about 300 of a battery that bacteria.
That means that baseball baseball effectively effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being attacked, and that anyone who's trying to launch it to the first base -- it doesn't come to time, and the second base will be saved.
Three attempts in 10.
Do you know how they call a 300 battery in the Grand Laggards?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how they call a 400-foot baseball battery.
By the way, that's somebody who was 10 bombs, about four.
Leadership, like the legendary Ted Williams, the last player of the oldest league of Biosphere to execute more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's take this to my medicine world where I feel much more comfortable or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose you have appressions and you're dedicated to a surgeon that also has a program of 400 in appressions.
That doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that you live in a remote place and a loved thing has two abstract coronary arteries and your family doctor led to a cardiologist whose angle in angle is 200 dollars.
But do you know anything?
She's really improving this year.
And its openings have been 256.
This is not working.
But I'm going to ask you.
What do you think that should be the average of an open surgeon or orthopedic surgeon or a general object?
A thousand one, very good.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in the medicine knows the operations of a good surgeon, a doctor or a pathology.
What we do though, though, is send them to the world, and it includes me, with the standard of being perfect.
You know, that never, they make a mistake and worry about finding out how to do it right.
That was the message I absorbed when I was in medical education.
I was a student obsessive student.
Once, a fellow in high school said Brian Golden studied until a blood test.
Like that.
I was studying in my little destiny, in the head of nurses of the General Hospital of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
From my class, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every art coming out of the rib, and the difference and the non-zero-sum dialogue and the non-profit.
And I even knew the differential diagnosis about how to clarify kidney tuberculosis.
And as it was so much accumulated and more knowledge.
And I was very good, graduated with honor.
And you get to school school with the impression that if you memorize everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to the everything, because this is how it immune to me.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mrs.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought the Drew lady to the emergency service where I worked.
At that time, I was assigned to the cardiology service.
And when emergency I used to go to a cardiologist I was happy to go to that patient.
And let me report the chief of residents.
When I saw Mr. Drug, I was gain.
I heard a standard sound.
And when I was autonomous, I heard a sound in both sides -- what was telling me a congestion heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumped the blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
I did it and I started working on the treatment that I would give him.
He gave him aspiration and medication to relieve pressure in his heart.
He gave him diagnosis, water pills, so he could eliminate liquid elimination.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And there it was when I started the first mistake. I sent her home.
It really made two more mistakes.
He sent her to his house without talking to the chief of residents.
I didn't pick up the phone, I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and comfort it with him to see her.
And if my boss had seen it, it would have been able to get complementary information.
Maybe I did for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that will require constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to assume responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When you send it to your house, I didn't pay attention to a voice on my inner and say, "Goldent, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that until I asked the nurse to take care of Mr. Drug, "Do you think it's okay if you go home?
And the nurse thought, and then he said, "I think it's going to be right."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he signed up the high, and the ambulance along with the paradise took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I went on with my job.
At the end of the day, I packed up to leave the hospital and walked towards the parking parking park where my car was to go home. At that moment I did something I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency emergency service at home.
And there is another nurse, not the one that took care of Mr. Drug before, but another one told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors fear about.
Other specialists are afraid too, but there is a particular paradigm and we see the patients.
The three words are, "Do you remember you?
"Do you remember the patient I sent at home?
I asked the other nurse with total natural.
"Well, she came back, with the same tone of voice.
She was fine.
But they came back and the edge of death.
When I was an hour of having arrived at home, after I gave him the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called 911 -- the paradism brought it to emergency with an artificial pressure of 50 millimeters of Ha, which means severe seasonal.
I barely breathe and was blue.
The emergency staff deployed all their resources.
They gave him medication to climb the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was considered and sandwiched to the cord.
I had a mixture of feelings because after the stabilize was in intensive therapy and expected against all hope that would be recovered.
And in the two or three days it was obvious that I would never wake up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they were reserved to what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let go. Mrs. Drug, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I was fascinated by it and experienced for the first time the evil shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt alone, isolated, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the patients, and you never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The bad shame that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we're bad.
And that felt like that.
And it wasn't for my boss -- he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure that sustainable things and make sure they wouldn't slow me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss? Why did I send her to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a mistake so story?
Why did I choose medical doctor?
Little by little that feeling was display.
And I started feeling better.
And on a cloudy day, the sky opened up and finally came out the sun -- and I was wondering if I would feel better again.
And I made a deal with myself where if I was to cut the efforts to be perfect for not to make more errors, and I would make those voices.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it went back to happen.
Two years later, it was helped in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain on the throat.
I was very busy.
And he pointed out here.
I looked at his throat, was a little bit color.
He gave him penicillin and sent him home.
But as he approached the door, he kept pointing out his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my guard change, my boss asked to talk to me in his office.
And I made the three words, right?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain in the parade?
Well, he came back and had no statistic fabrication.
He had a potentially deadly reaction called spinaling.
You can look for Google -- it's an infection, not from the throat, but from the top air, and it can cause the closing of those tracks.
He said, fortunately, he didn't know.
You give them antibiotics for installation and recovered at a few days.
And they went through the same period of shame and reports, then he took me and went back to work, until again and again, and again.
Two times in the same turn of emergency emergency -- not diagnosed approaching.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it went to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
It was an order of rivers, but it turned out normal. A colleague that was checking the patient perceived a certain sensitivity on the lower right quadrant, and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I ordered him liquid to rest and asked my colleague to review it.
They checked it up, and when I noticed some sensitivity on the bottom right, I called the surgeon.
Both were operated and recovered well.
But every case I got stretched down, I was developed.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst errors in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a piece.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
Just embarrassed and supportive and supposedly.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voices that tell me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach them this so that they don't eat the same mistakes.
If I would go to a place like this, I would have no idea what you think of me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure after failure.
Of course in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't listen to someone talking about your own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues too, that a train in my hospital catched the wrong leg, believe me that would have difficulty looking at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions: the ones that make mistakes and the ones that don't sleep and the ones that I know -- the ones that have the very first results and those who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, like antibodies that begin to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we go from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will get a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of distinction and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Star Tower to my program, "When I wrote for the Star Coast, black art.
And what I learned is that mistakes are unintended.
We work in a system where errors happen every day, where one in 10 drugs prescribed in hospital are wrong, or decoration is not right -- in a system where inspirational infections are increasingly more, and more numbers, making chaos and death.
In this country, they die 24,000 Canadian of average medical mistakes.
The U.S. Institute established 100,000 thousand.
In both cases, it is about broad undermines, because we're not designing the problem as we should.
And that's how things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't update ourselves.
The sleep deprivation.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect story of a patient with chest pain.
Now, let's take the same patient with a chest pain on the chest, and it comes with crazy eyes and attachment to alcohol, and all of a sudden, my story is a destination of destination.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot. I don't do things like that.
And my patients are not cars. They don't have their symptoms always in the same way.
For all this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals to error, well, not to leave anybody.
And with regard to that people don't want to talk about their biggest cases of their sense?
In my program, "Finally, white art, it's already a habit to say, "This is my worst mistake. I would tell everybody, from the drugs to the heart of heart surgery -- "This is my worst mistake, blah blah blah blah blah. What are your mistakes? And I would steer the microphone to them.
And his students would stop, they would come back, they would turn their head and swallow out and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say, "Look, they don't eat the same mistake.
They need a context where we can do it.
They need a redefined medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefined doctor is human, it gets human, it accepts it, and it does not be proud of its mistakes, but it was expected to learn from what happened to teach others.
It shares your experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It signals the mistakes of other people not with the intention to catch them, but in a loving way and support for everybody to benefit it.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings will lead the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes.
My name is Brian Golden.
I'm a redefined doctor.
I'm a human, I make mistakes.
I feel so much but I strive to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take any day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently did a survey over 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that say to pick up an average American -- it's about 70 to a day.
It doesn't do a lot ago, in a research for a week to a group of companies of business.
The researchers recorded the different tasks of these executives and the time they were trying to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average, they put 150 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included a lot of mentalities.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many people belong to nine minutes, and how many of the hours of an hour?
How do you heat the way that these decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of current today, choose to choose the options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand just if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when I ask a question, if your answer is positive, please give a palm.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of the choice of options?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I did this very, very high supermarket -- at least at the time it was very sophisticated.
His name was Description.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were about 250 different kinds of mustard and violence, over 500 different types of fruit and vegetables and about 25 water bottled water, and this was when we took water from the glass.
I loved to go to that store, but at one occasion, I asked myself, why did I never buy nothing?
This is the story of olive oil.
They had over 75 different classes, including those who were in sealed box that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and I asked him, "Do you work this strategy to offer all these options?
He pointed out to me the buses full of tourists coming up every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the members.
Case.
They had 434 different classes.
We installed a post to decide, right at the entrance of the store.
We put there from six savings or 24 different flavors and looked at two things: First of all, what case people were willing to stop to test the market?
More people stopped when there were 24 percent, 60 percent, that when there were only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a memory cart.
Here we find the opposite effect.
Of those who stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy memory.
Of course, when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought memory.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy member if they found six -- that if they found 24.
Well, to decide that we don't buy memory probably makes us, the less is good to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of choices is affecting us in crazy decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't get us.
Now the theme of the day, financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with guru Huff, Earth Kamberne and Queen Jane, where we looked at the decisions on the supply of about a million Americans, from about 650 plans of this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds available in plans of savings for retirement plans -- 401 program, deployed people to save for the future.
And we found that actually there was a correlation indeed.
We had 657 plans that were going from two to 59 different options.
We found that the greater the numbers of funding forced, there were less participation.
So if you look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the rate of participation was 70 percent or more, not as high as you would like.
And in the plans that they offered about 60 funds, the rate of participation went down to 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the more people were the number of options, more people were incapable of avoiding action or hedge funds.
In terms of more options, they were more willing to invest in market financial account.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they make the decision, that the app even when this goes against the interest itself.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions in finance and health.
They are more likely to pick up less satisfying things, even though they obviously get better.
The main reason is that we are to look at that gigantic variety of massive, mustard, violence and memory, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and contract and choose from that awesome exhibit.
Today I want to give you four simple techniques that we've tried to, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can test in their business.
The first is, Curio.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which less is more.
People always bother when I say, "Browning."
They care about losing space in the analogy.
But actually what we're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut, get rid of strange redundant choices, there will be an increase in the sales -- it will be a better experience in choice.
When Project & Gamble went from 26 different types of Health & Solares to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Copernicu Catholic Corporation led the products for cats of cats that less sold -- the users were increased at 87 percent, for two causes more sales and lower costs.
You know that the supermarket today, the average offer 45,000 products.
In a Wal-Mart store, about 100,000 products.
But the ninth stores in the current world is Alice and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato tomato sauce salt.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to manage the choices is the plant of David Lakes, the Harvard program.
All of Harvard employees are automatically incorporated to a hedge of life.
You really want to pick up, you offer 20 food, not 300 or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to cut off.
They're all important options.
The first thing I do is ask the employees: "Give me the differences that there are between those options.
And if your employees can't difference, you won't be able to do your clients.
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Gary.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people in this audience a few vaccines with everything paid to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give a bet if you're ready to take the offer of Gary.
(Person spacecrafts." Okay. Anybody who's ready to accept the supply.
Aren't they more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey?
I think I actually managed to hear more hands.
All right.
And actually, you had more information in the first round, than in the second, but I can go ahead and say you thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it more real.
This brings me to the second technique to manage the problem of the overload of choice, which is to Concert.
So for people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and that consequences must feel very vivid in a very specific way.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more average when they use debit cards or credit cards than when they use effective one?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out to make it more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shanghai Benjamin and Alberto Princeton, on staff of Indian Indian staff who worked in Indiana, these people were in a meeting where they were being applied to a 404 plan.
And that meeting, that we did exactly how we used to be used, we made a little addition to it.
What we added was that we applied to the staff they thought about positive things that would happen in their lives if they were saving more money.
With this minute there was an increase in the claims of 20 percent and an increase in the number that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts of stop.
The third technique is California.
We can handle more categories than options.
So for example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the September September Western roads, the magazine exhibition can contain from 330 different types until 660.
But you know?
Because cloning tells me how to tell them.
These are two jets of jewelry.
One is called Japanese and the other, "South."
If you think the one on the left is South And the one on the right is Japan, they give a palm.
(Person spaces."
If you think the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is South, they give a palm.
Well, something else.
Turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Japanese, and the one on the right is South Aristotle. But do you know something?
This rating scheme is totally useless.
The categories have to indicate something to pick up -- not the one that defines them.
You often see this problem with those huge fundraising.
Do I know who are informing?
My fourth category, telling complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than what we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We need to increase complexity.
Let me show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a complicated decision, buying a car.
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allow it to be complete.
You have to take 60 decisions, to build the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offer each one.
Color outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motion, change of change, four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order in which decisions appear.
So half of the clients are going to go from many choices, 56 colors, a few times, four boxes.
The other half of the clients are going to go from a few choices, four boxes, 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to see?
How involved you are.
If you get to the bottom of the button in every decision, this indicates that they're overwhelmed or it is, we're losing them.
We found that the ones that go from many options to a few options, they operate the button for defense over and over again, and another one.
We lose them.
If you go from a few options to many, keep there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order in which information.
If we start with the easy, you learn to choose.
Even though choosing the box of change I don't say anything about the preferences of inner decoration.
We are excited about a product that we're building that now has more hooked with the process.
So to sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the overload of options, cut, extra alternatives -- concern, making it real. Clarity, we can handle more categories with less choices -- to tell the complexity.
All these techniques that I've presented were designed to help drive alternatives or better for you, to use them in their issues, or for the people who are services.
It's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful when you choose to choose it.
And the more careful we are in our choices better we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in communist Eastern Germany, if you had a typewriter machine, you should register it in the government.
He had to register a sheet of text text written with the machine.
And this is so that the government could track the origin of the text.
If you found a writer with the wrong message, you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't think someone could do this, so much that this would limit the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser printer of any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having a few yellow prisoners on every page that makes you a pattern that makes them a pattern and your printer.
That's happening to us today.
And nobody seems to be a lot of slippery for this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what happens in the world online, we can get the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
There are the cybercriminals.
Like Mr. Dimen Gold in Kitch City, in Ukraine.
The civilization cell is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cyberattacks to win a lot of money, and so on.
There are really many cases of millions online, multiple, who won money with their attacks.
This is Valley Tasks, from Trop, State.
This is Alfred Gonomo.
This is Stephen Walk.
This is Bertie South.
These are Matthew Anderson Tarahumara, Tarahum Alliead etc., etc., etc.
These guys make their fortunes online, but they do it by illegal media using banking trains to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy an infected computer.
The secret service of the United States, two months ago, congested the Swiss account of this gentleman -- Sam Jane, and this account had 14 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Jane and so forth, he knows his paradox.
And I say today is more likely than any of us is victim of a cybercriminal crime.
And it's very obvious that this is wrong in worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attractive attacks that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions -- they motivate laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have broken over the last 12 months occupying a role in the assembly online.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals that do it for money, the hackers like Anonymous who do it to protect and the last group is national states, the governments that attack.
And then we see cases like Dianet.
That's a good example of government attacks against its own citizens.
Diaramic is an authority authority of the Netherlands, or, actually, it was.
Deception the last fall, because of a capital.
They were surrounded by the safety of the site, and they threw a cybercriminal.
Last week I asked, in a meeting with representative of the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they were able to find the death of people because of the attack to Diaramic.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die because of an attack of these?
Diagrophony is a certified authority.
They sell certificates.
What do the certificates serve for?
Well, you need if you have a website with helps, services encrypted SISA, services like Giant.
Except to intercept a foreign certified authority.
And they make a certified certificate.
And in the case of Diane happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters took the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April, and during the building of the building, they found a lot of paper.
And between those papers was this cardiologist called "The "Intelose."
And within that folder, there was a notes of a firm company in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept great scale the communications of the citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool by 280,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company headquarters is right here.
I mean, Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments are also doing this themselves.
For example, in Germany, only a couple of weeks ago, the School translator was found -- a traffic used by the German government officers to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interviewed.
But today it goes beyond today.
The Internet connection.
You will even use tools like the Ushahid Trop to infect our computer with a trajectory to allow you to see all of the communication, and listen online, to get our data.
When we think about things like these obvious answer should be, "Well, it seems bad, but I don't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why would I care?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play.
The privacy is not upset.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
This is freedom against control.
Although we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we get to do today, will be forever.
Are we blindly confident in any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that we have to worry about in the next 50 years.
Here's where I live. I live in Kenya, in the south part of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, at the bottom, and behind the cow, the National Park of Nairobi, the National Park.
The National Park of Nairobi doesn't have close to most of the south, which means wild animals like the zebra migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like lions. They follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones who killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning and we found it dead, because it was the only piece we had.
My community, the masses, we think we came from heaven with our animals and all the land to harvest them, and that's why we value them so much.
So I grew up with the lions.
The dying is warriors that protect our community and livestock and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions who killed in Nairobi.
And I think this is why there is so few in the National Park.
A child in my community, at age six, is responsible to the livestock of his father, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions would give them fear.
But I realized that actually this didn't really, because it even helped the lions look at the stage of far.
I didn't give up. It continued.
A second idea was to use a spill.
I was trying to deceive lions so they thought it was close to the state.
But the lions are very clever.  They came the first day and saw the spills, and they were like, but the second day, they came back and said, "This thing doesn't move around, it's always here.  So they jumped out animals.
So one night I was walking around the star with a torch and that day the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of light that moves around.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I got to see and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken line.
I got everything.
As you can see, the solar panel charges the battery and the battery supply electricity to the little Indian box, I call it a transformation.
And the indigenous box makes the lights display.
As you can see, the light bulb goes outside, because that's where the lions come from.
And this is how you see the lions when they come from night.
The lights are deployed and they feed the lions to think I'm walking through the state, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with the lions.
And the house houses heard the idea.
One of them is from this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights on.
I said yes.
You put them. You can see the bottom, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by Kenya, to scare other predators, like hyenas, slowly, and it's also being used to support the farms.
Thanks to this invention -- I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping raise funds and awareness.
I even took my friends to my community, and we installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, I was just a kid in the saddy of the savanna hitting my father's cows -- and I used to see planes flying and told me that someday would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to become an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows up.
I used to hate the lions but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and to the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
A gun -- what in my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you got a scholarship. Richard Turkey" is.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one in your list?
RS: My next invention -- I want to do a close amount of electricity. CA: A certain electric electric chance?
RP: I know you already invented the fence of the electric ones, but I want to do mine.
CA: So you tried it once, right? And you -- LT: I've tried to try it before, but because I got a cartoon.  CA: At the foot of the Canyon, Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to encourage every step that is, my friend.
Thank you very much. RS: Thank you very much.
When I was a little, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "No Vincent and No Vincent National."
And I felt very proud of it.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim Indian, but we never learned much from the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan is enemies.
Even though I was wondering about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my entire life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and I was never hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister's colleague from my sister.
That said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We're lying together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we're prepared to die."
I was very attached.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At a little time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't delete from my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child climbing in his arms looking at his mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge hunger goes to North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
At the end, over a million Koreans died during the famine and only few survived by eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequent the energy cuts -- all of me was completely dark at night except for sea lights in China, just crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and us.
This is a photo picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the American River, which serves from North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very angry at certain points, allowing North Koreans to cross secretly.
But many die.
Sometimes I saw bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of the famine I was sent to China to live with distant patients.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like North Redworge.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the Norden refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed and it would be represented to a horrible fate back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and introduced me into the police station.
Somebody had been accused of being North North, then I looked at my skills in the Chinese language, and they asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to blow up.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and deposited.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer the questions.
At the end of the interrogation an officer told another, "This was a fake report -- she's not normal."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some North China are looking for asylum in foreign embassy.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and deposited.
These women were very lucky.
Even though they had caught them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These North Koreans were so lucky.
Every year, countless Koreans are captured in China and sports to North Korea, where they're tortured or incarcerated or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape -- many other Koreans have not been so lucky.
It's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of the world can take on a second.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I've decided to go to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
To tell me in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I was expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
I also understood that there was a big gap between North and South America.
We are all Koreans, but in the inside, we have come to be very different because of 67 years of divide.
They even go through a crisis of identity.
Am I a surgery or a North North Internet?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that I could call with pride myself.
Even though adapting to the life in South Korea was not easy, I did a plan. I started studying for the income exam to college.
Just when I started adapting to my new life, I got a call alarm.
The authorities in North Korea were interested in some money that I sent to my family, and as a punishment -- my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location on the outside.
They had to run immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China, and I got to the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow for more than 3,000 miles across China and through the Southeast Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we almost were caught several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identification of all and started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came up to my family, I instantly stood up and told him that they were sustainable people who were doing.
I looked pretty much but fortunately believed me.
We did all the way up to the Laden border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Laders.
But even after it passed the border, my family was arrested and accusably to cross the border illegally from crossing the border.
After paying multiple and soldiers, my family was released in a month.
But at the time, my family was arrested and imprisoned again in Lama capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to liberate my family, and we were so close to it, but my family was returned in prison in the corner of the South Korea.
I went and came between the immigration office and police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But it didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or multiple.
I lost hope.
At the time, or the voice of a man wondering, "What is the problem?
I was so surprised that a stranger would care about asking questions.
With my poor English and a dictionary, I explained to him the situation, and no doubt -- the man went to the ATM and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two North Koreans and takes them out of prison.
I thank you with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do you help me?
"I'm not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping the North North."
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The unknown bomber symbolizes a new hope for me and for the North people when we needed it.
And it showed me that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community is really the rays of hope that the North people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving its freedom is only half of the battle.
Many Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go into a new country, they start with little or nothing of money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, practice of English language, labor practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people within North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are still in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I have received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help by giving Koreans a chance to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North Americans around the world, including the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central Center.
This is Central State."
So the city planners came together and thought, we're going to change the name of the South Center to represent something else, so they changed the Los Angeles south, as if this would actually fix what is actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles South --  The Ladies of Liberia, fast food, block land.
Like 65 million other Americans, living in a food desert, Los Angeles Center, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that food places to take more people than food in the car.
People are dying of cultural diseases in Los Angeles Central Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than, say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I think this happened.
And I wonder, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you get out of the house you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood?
I see wheelchair butters and sold like user cars.
I see centers of liberal diagram like Struditors.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
In addition to me to drive 45 minutes away and go back to buy an apple that doesn't have pesticides for it.
What I did, was planted a food forest in front of my house.
In a field of land we call a garden.
It's 45 feet three feet old.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes to me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This was how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Greeks, we put together and started planting our food forest -- fractal trees, you know, nine full vegetables.
What we do, we are kind of a group that is paid by advanced paradigms of all the proteins, all over the city and completely voluntary and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then someone complained about.
The city came up with me and in summary, and they gave me a cathedral saying that I had to remove my garden, the cathedral was made by court order.
And I said, "Come on, right?
A judicial order for planting food on a piece of land that nobody matters?  So I was like, "Well, let me throw it."
Because this time I wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Leopar, and he talked to the coast and one of Green GreenLs, who put a petition in Charles, with 900 signatures, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My career even called to say that they were responsible and they loved what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the U.S. city with more blood land.
It has 60 miles of blue terrain.
That's 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 725 million tomato plants.
Why does it do not seem good to this?
Creating a plant will give a thousand thousand seeds.
When a dollar of hydrogen will give you 75 dollars of results.
It's my smoke, when I tell people, grow your own food.
Growing your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central Center.
I grew up there. I raised my kids there.
I was being part of this manufacturing reality that was made for me for others, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my graffiti -- I grow my art.
Just like a graffiti artist, which is going to have walls, I take soil, banks.
I use the garden, the land, like a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees, are my dining of that canvas.
You'll be surprised to see what land can do if you let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a transportation is and how people affect people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
They would be surprised to see how kids affect them.
The garden is the most therapeutic and productive act that you can do, especially in a urban.
Also, they get freezing.
I remember one occasion, who came a mother and daughter, were like 10 o'clock at night and they were in my backyard, I went out and looked very nice.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me with hungry, and this only reinforces why I do this, and people ask me, "Hey, don't people have to steal your food?
I say, "Oh my God, I'm not afraid you're going to run it."
That's why it's on the street.
That's what it is about.
I want you to take it, but at your time, I want you to take your health.
There was another one that I put a garden in a spill for disappeared at the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. They shared me their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so just for a moment.
So Green Greenses has come to plant maybe 20 garden.
We've had, like 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow color, kids eat cold.
If you grow tomatoes -- you eat tomatoes --  But if none of this is taught you, if you don't teach them how food affects your mind and your body, you eat blind to the blind you put in front of you.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're stuck in. I see color kids who are on this path designed for them, that doesn't take them anywhere.
With the language, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who get away from their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Carter.
But if we don't change the composition of land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans -- this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food on the same cloud.
I want to take content and turn it into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, is you have to support it.
What I talk about is to try to work to people, to take the kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening farmers of farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want you all to become renewables educated, looks, looking for looking at it.
We have to change the script of what a look like.
If you're not a garden, you're not a look.
So the likes take their palm right?
That is his choice weapon.
In doubt, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, don't call me if they want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some memory -- to talk about doing some miracle.
If you want to see me, they come to the garden with their hair so we can plant something.
Peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Children's sound."  (Apple ends)  You probably will all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of application, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, where it rains a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt.
And especially if you go into your bicycle and these cars happen, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads like the Netherlands, very close to cities, we would want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make perfect asphalt.
The porous, a material that we use now in most roads in the Netherlands, has pores and the water can go through it, so the whole water of rain flow down to the sides and they will have a road that it's easy to drive, and they won't kill water.
The noise will also disappear in these pores too.
Because it's very gaps, the whole noise will disappear -- so it's a very silent road.
It also has disasters, of course, and the disaster of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is it? You see that in this road, the surface stones come out.
First one stone, then several more and more, and so on, and then -- well, I'm not going to do that.  But they can give him his parasites, and they won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
They can sometimes create buildings with that.
Ah, it's ready.
Back, of course, that you can turn into a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the damage comes into this material.
It's a porous, personal asphalt as I said, so it only has a little amount of advertising between stones.
Because of the interpretation, to the special light, to the operation, this advance, this brown, the glue between the rivers, it will except, and if it was come up, they will become microscopes and get apart.
So if you drive through the road, you get the added -- as you saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think of authority materials.
If we can make this material become authoritarily, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean supermarkets, and we can cut the steel wool into very small pieces, and we can mix those little bits with the brown.
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel wool on it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook for a community of industrial.
The industry can heat up, especially steel, it's very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel down, melt the beak, the beetle will flow by these microscopes and the stones will come back to the surface.
Today I used a microscopic oven, because I can't bring the big industry on the stage here.
Minister is a similar system.
I put the show, which I'm now going to take to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government, really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's really interesting. We have to try it out.
So they gave us a piece of roads, 400 meters from the American highway, where we had to do a test card to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test test, and then, of course, this road lasts several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road, and we tested them in the lab.
So we took the samples, we put a lot of charge in them, we repair them after our industrial machine and we repair them and we tested them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've made a material using steel fibers. incorporating these fibers using the energy of industrialization to actually increase the lives of the road surface -- you can actually double the life of the surface -- you can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot.
And actually, you have to face first before you can show you how the repair is.
But I'm going to do a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11, I remember having woken up a morning with the sound of the ball in my house.
My father was listening to BBC, in his little gray radio.
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because news generally depressed it.
"The Taliban came out of my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a truth school." He said.
One morning I will never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban got out of Afghanistan and made illegal girls that girls went to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to hide my older sister who could no longer be only outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so nobody could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books in market bags so that it seemed like we were shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us raised in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot.
We all knew that we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in a while, school was closed by a week, because the Taliban suspected the Taliban.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Would they be following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were extended, but still, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow up in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a teacher.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total inheritance of a remote province of Afghanistan, insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father got it.
But my education mother became teacher.
This is her.
It will retire two years ago, just to turn our house into school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of his family to get education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a bigger risk in not educating his children.
Over the years of the Taliban, I remember there were moments that I was very frustrated by our life and was always scared and didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said, "You know, "Min, my daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house during a war.
But there is one thing that will always be with you, which is here, and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So, still do you want to continue?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than the bike, and if my family had not been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find out here proud to graduate in Microsoft College in change.
When I returned to Afghanistan, my grandfather, the one who was removed from his home for the courage to educate his daughters, was one of the first ones to happen.
He doesn't just get out of my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, which I carry it through the streets of Kabul.
My family believed in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1960, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded SOLA, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls going to school.
The exciting thing is I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity.
And I see her parents and their families who, like my families advocating for them, despite and still in front of a devastating opposition.
Like Amazon. It's not his true name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter were walking from Solo to his village, and literally they stopped being killed by a bomb on the way, for minutes.
When they get to his house, they are the phone, a voice warned him that if he kept sending his daughter to school, he would try it again.
"Let's memorize you, if you will, he said, "But I won't give you the future of my daughter for his old old idea."
What I've realized about Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of the people who are going to be transferred, there is a father who recognized the value of his daughter, and it sees the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, they are often the first compelling interventions of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban. The girls who went to school are in hundreds of -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the United States.
I find that Americans see the fragility of change.
I fear these changes don't last much, after the retirement of the United States.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I look at students in my school and their parents who are advocating for them, that animals, I see a promise future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and possible possibilities -- and every day the girls of SOLA remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the existential, "Dad, resistance to Gaddaffet. struggle.
But you never become a Gateston state revolution."
They've spent almost two years since the free revolution inspired by the rainforest of mass mobility both of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with a lot of other baby citizens, inside and outside of the country to call a day of fortune and start a revolution against the national regime of Gaddam.
And we did that, it was a great revolution.
Women and young men were in the low, expressing the fall of the regime, carrying freedom of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They have shown a value to go into the discovery of Gault dictatorship.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a six months of brutal war and a bunch of about 50,000 death, we managed to release our country and defeat the third.
And Gandhi left a heavy charge, a spring of the tower, corruption and sealed seeds.
For four decades, the national regime of Gaddafi destroyed infrastructure, the culture and moral structure of liberal society.
Instead of the devastation and the challenges, I've wanted, alongside many other women, to rebuild free civil society, demanding an inclusive and fair transition towards democracy and national reconciliation.
There were about 200 organizations in Benjamin during and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Twitter.
After a 33-year-old period, I went back to Libya, and with a unique enthusiasm I began to organize workshops about the development of capacity, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the Platter of Women Liberia by peace, a movement of women, leaders, of very diverse orientation -- to advocate by the social autonomy of women, and for our right participation in the building of democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the general period -- an environment that was increasingly polarized, which is model of the selfish policy policies and exploration.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won about 35 percent of the National Congress.
However, by little, the power of choices and revolution as a whole, were disappearing, every day we found violence news.
One day we woke up with the news of the commodity of ancient mosques and Sufi tools.
Another day I started with the murder of the American ambassador and the consumer attack.
Another day we woke up with the news of murder officers of the army.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continued for the human rights of human rights and their lack of law respect.
Our society, made by a revolutionary mindset -- more police, and has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at first.
Interview, exclusion and revenge.
I'm not here today to inspire them with our history of the success of creative list and elections.
Now I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, we choose bad, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security to Libya.
The credit list and alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national recognition?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still polluted and dominated with selfish policy policies and exploration, both by men like by women?
Maybe what was missing was not only women, but the female values of compassion, memorial and inclusion values.
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than the choices needed to do, which just reinforced polio and divide.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female more than need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as an office agents and calling days of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and memory.
We have to develop a female discourse that not only honor but also put the mistake in the mistake instead of the revenge. collaboration instead of competition, including instead of exploration.
These are the ideals that a Libya, deployed by the war, desperately needs the end of reaching peace.
Because peace has a alien that deals with interaction and alternative between female perspectives and male perspective.
That's the real crime.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a social way.
According to a very version of the Koran "Shell," peace is the word of the meritor god -- "Grandmother, "surprise."
At the same time, the word "Raiser, which is known in all the officers that are abused -- has the same root in Arabic that the word "Rainforests" -- symbolized the female and material, which brings all the humanity that men and women, where all the tribes and all the peoples have encouraged.
And so, just like the uterus covers completely the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of the number of compassion all existence.
This is what my mercy.
This is how it says, "My mercy.
It's all given the grace of memory.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an unusual question, which has an equally unconscious answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one you all always do, why is she left?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who pasted it?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story that I will tell.
I was 22 years old. I was just reading at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as writing and editor in the Sensan magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green card carrot American and had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul -- I would put my head on the head with a gun.
The man, the man who loved anyone in this world, put a gun on my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "good love, a psychological trap -- distinguished love, where every year millions of women, and even some men.
Until it could be his story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I am released in English at Harvard University, and I have a MBA in Martin Business School Mars.
I've spent most of my career working for the Fortune 500 companies, between the Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burma and The Washington Post.
I take almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black lab and driving a minority Hong Oscar.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the races, all the religions, all the levels of kidney and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
Over 85 percent of the mathematicians are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships and interconnected and long duration or saying otherwise in the families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence, which is why the domestic abuse is so disappear.
And I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who pasted him, and in fact I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, women between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be a domestic violence victims than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by partners, nightmarships and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence, his warning signals or his patterns.
I met Congo in a cold, rainy night of January.
I was sitting next to my side at the subway of New York, and he started to sign with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he was just licensed from a university of the Ivan Lean and he worked in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that looked like a boy of the countryside.
I had a lot of big molecules like apples and a wheat hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that I did Congo, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it mostly at the beginning by putting on a penis.
We started coming out and loved all of me, which was ready, who had gone to Harvard, who put passion to help teenage girls and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
He believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as no one had ever done it.
And it was why the limitation in that prestigious school and work on Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is subsidizing and making the victim make.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was I was going to go from New York and leave my dreams work, but I thought I had to do a sacrifice for your partner so I accepted my job and Congo and I were together in Manhattan together.
I had no idea that I was falling on a close love, which was coming out of head in a physical, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it is.
And here's where those piles go in.
As we move to New England you know, that site where I was supposed to know that Congo had to feel so sure he bought three piles.
He had a liver in the car.
Another one would hold it under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that he needed those pilots because of the trauma that lived in the small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those guys actually were a message for me, and even though I had never raised my hand, my life was in serious danger, every minute in every day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning, and I still had the way.
Five days later, when the 10 mothers of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's wedding suit, and I married him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we lived happily forever, because I loved him, and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very profound.
It just had a very excited sense of really excited about the wedding and the fact that I would form a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never make it harm.
I spent twice as much on our lung moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and I lost it, and he gave me so strong in my head that I stole several times against the window of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our mother's moon, he ran through the traffic, and I took a Big Mac cold to the face.
And I was followed by permituin for one or twice a week for the next two and the half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is domestic violence victim at some point in their life, and the Center of Disease Control reported that every year 15 million children are military, 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why did I go?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a deeply distracted man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congress face his demons.
The other question that everybody is doing is, why simply don't it go?
Why didn't I go? I could have been at any time.
This is the saddest and pain question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that normally you ignore -- it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a metabolism.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in the cases of domestic violence happen after the victim has done the end of the relationship, after they go, because then the adaptation has nothing to lose.
Other repertos include the permanent chance, even after the diver has come back to married, they benefit from financial resources, and manipulation of the family judicial system to land the victim and their children, who are normally forced by judges to spend time not survived with the man who paid their mother.
And we still keep asking why it simply doesn't go?
I was able to go, because of one last said that I came up with my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if I had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everyone the world, to the police, to my neighbors, to my friends and family, to complete strangers, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to strategy to victims as spills like spill, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why is it left?
For some people is a way to say, "The blame is your bullet for stopping, as if the victims will choose automatically to fall in love with men who want to destroy them.
But since I published "Lock love, I've heard of stories of men and women who also escaped -- that they learned an unexpected lesson of what happened to them and they gave their lives to life and happy lives like employees, wives, and mothers completely free of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence survivor.
I went back to marry a tender and friendly man, and we have those three children.
I have that black lab and also that minimum.
What I'm not going to go back to having never more, ever is a charter pick up pointing my head in the hands of someone who says I want.
Right now, as you are thinking, "Hey, that's fascinating, or "Hall, what stupid it was, but all this time I have actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people that are listening to me right now, which are being married or that they were small or they're abused themselves.
The marriage could be affecting his daughter, his sister, to her best friend right now.
I was able to put my crazy love to my particular love breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
Abstract abuse is just in silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence just throwing light on it.
victims, we need everybody.
We need each one of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the slide to light talking about it with his kids, their coworkers and their friends and family.
They repeat their view of survivors as fantastic and lovely people who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to constantly intervene to raise their scale and show the victims a safe output.
Together, we can turn our bed, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hello. My name's Cameron Russell, and for a while, I'm a model.
It's going to be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel that right now there's an uncomfortable tension in the room because I shouldn't have dressed like this.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first change of clothing on a TED stage, so you have a lot of fortune to present it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when they started, they don't have to decide now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These talks are very awkward, less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to go through this supply for your head, because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so you don't do anything while your head covers me.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
Approach is powerful, but also superficial as well.
I've changed totally what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a girlfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me that I would grab the back and I would take the child's hair.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial tan like the one I made two days ago for the work, there's very little that we can do to transform our looks, which even though it and immunized and immunized, has a big impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice and white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but in a sincere way.
The first question is, how does it come to become?
And I always say, a hunters discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made myself model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, over the last few centuries, we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry -- which are biologically programmed to admire as well. We've also associated it to a high and spinning figure, to the feminist and a white skin.
And that's my heritage that I've been able to exploit to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience who are now showing up, and maybe there are some lovers of the way they say, wait. There are Namibia, Titanic, Joan Shanghais, Life King.
First of all, the happiness for knowing so much of models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told each and every single model in the runway, and from the 67 models of content, only 27 percent, is not white.
The next question that people always ask me is: Can it be model when it's up?"
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't get rid of that.
But then, what I really would tell each of these girls is, why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a nightmare cartoonist and poet, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, you still insist -- no, no, Cameron, I want to be a model, then I say, "I know my king.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you might be the researcher chief of the American Volanda magazine or executive director of Ministry, or the next Steven Mess.
To say the older you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work you can choose.
I'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike the cardiac surgery, it can be summed up right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've got your studies, and you have a curved and a few jobs to your backs, no matter what you say is, if you say you want to be president of the United States, but your curved mold model of clothing for 10 years, people would look at you.
The next question that people always do is if all the pictures are removed.
And yes, they basically remove all the pictures, but that's just a little bit of what happens.
This was the first picture that they took me, and also the first time I used a biomass, and I didn't even have my period yet.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
So I light alongside my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am at a fire party a few days before the French vote.
Here I am with my football team and on the Vietnam magazine.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They're creating a group of professionals, battles, machines, photographers and stimulations, and all of their aid and pressure people, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is, do you get free things?
I have too much about 20 inches and I never use, except the previous couple but the privilege I get are the ones I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a shop and I forgot to bring money, and they gave me the free dress of it.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a very prime driver -- and I took a little bit in red, and of course, they stopped us, and I had a feeling of it, agents to be able to keep driving on.
enjoying these privilege for me, not what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their aspect without matter who they are.
I lived in New York, and last year, of the 140 teenagers who were standing and recorded -- 86 percent were black and Latino and most of them were young men.
And there are only 170 black and Latino young people in New York, so for them, it's not a question of me?
I mean, how many times do I get stopped? And when do I do?
By researching for this talk, I found out that at 53 percent of the 19-year-old girls in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes down to 78 percent at 17.
So the last question that people ask me is, what is the life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is, if you're a little bit thinner and you have the most brilliant hair, you feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative people, ingenious and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras -- what I have never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and the brighter hair, it will be happier.
They just have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and the nearest clothes, but they probably are the most insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender and gender when I am one of the greatest benefits.
If there's something that will come back from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since I was the big enough to put a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 pictures more accurate, and I didn't go to me who was crabled.
There were no artistic directors, no stings, no opportunity to repeat the pictures, not even a minimum care in the lighting light.
In fact, most of them took the random tourists.
My story begins when I found myself in New York City to give a point, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on his first birthday -- that's the corner of 57 and five.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take you to Sandy New York on a painting trip and you keep the ritual.
This is when we started asking the tourists to get us to take the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of giving the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has ever been denied and fortunately, no one has ever fled the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much life would change this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five-year-old could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representative of a specific moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in an October week and to make us rethink about our time and our evolution over the years, and not just physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always get the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter gets new histories, and I can see life through his eyes and how it perceives and interact with everything.
That particular time that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips, we were walking around, when suddenly he stopped in dry and pointed a red tone of the wrist shop that he would love with small visits of visits.
And he described me what had felt at the age of five years in the same place.
He began to remember his heart beating with force when he first saw that place for nine years ago.
And now what you see in New York are universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we created is memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging actively in conscious creation of memories.
I don't know about you, but besides these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one that makes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and you don't want to get close to someone and ask it, "Do you get a picture of us?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The boundaries are in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why do they have so bad press?
It also has been associated with Disney laughter as measured characters, tones, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the right Kenyan press, applause and claims, these are the attributes of the Kenyan Parliament. But I don't accept it.
I don't accept it. You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment.  The parallels don't help prevent the disease spread.
They are hard to monitor.   You're far away to excite.  And my favorite, the but better presence.   There are two types of bored on this planet.
There are the New World Business Bush that is mainly found in the Americas, like the centers and the faces, and the old World Britain, where we have 16 species -- from these 16, 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So why are the business important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services.
It's our natural junk collections.
They clean the cards down to the bone.
They help kill all of the bacteria -- help us absorb the anthrax that they wouldn't be for them to extend and cause great losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no buttons, the carcasses take three to four times longer to disappear, and this has huge branching in the spread of disease.
But the boundaries also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture.
Neutover was the symbol of the protection and the maternity and, along with the cobra -- symbolizes the unit between high and lower Egypt.
In the Hindu mythology, Jack was the boring god and risked his life to save the god of the demonstration of 10 head Rainforest.
In the Tibetan culture, you have a very important story of open sky, in places like Tibet -- there is no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these buses provide a natural elimination system.
What's the problem with the business?
We have eight species of business in Kenya, which six are in extreme threat of extinction.
The reason is that they're being announced, and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and fatalism.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of noise are on the critical list of extinction, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall out of the consumption of livestock that has been treated with an analog drug like Dicklin.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and have taken a position.
Because there is no business, there have been a spread in the number of street dogs in the streets of cardiovas, and when you have street dogs -- you have a huge amount of time for radio. The number of carbon cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa, 335 agriculture will be on top of the Turkey lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to the birds. They cut them through half.
They're bird trips.
In West Africa, there's a horrible trade of business to serve the outbreak and the feature market.
So what are we doing? Well, we're researching these birds. We're putting them transmissions.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that travel through different countries, so focus on a local problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the business, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that they provide.
How can you help you? It can become active -- you can make noise, you can write a letter to your government and tell them we have to focus on these very unconscious creatures -- to donate their time to spread the word. To spread the word.
When they come out of this room, they'll be informed about the business, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors about the business.
They are very elegant. Charles Darwin said he changed the opinion because he saw them fly without effort, no energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do professionally -- it's been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1973, to 1977, I saw young people, but I'm not.  I worked in Zambia. Kenya, Coast of Marad, Argentina and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGOs and every project we set up in failing Africa.
And I was purposed.
I thought, at the age of 21, that Italians were good people, and we were doing good work in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we do is we figure out how we announced.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Stop the Zambia: was a project where a few Italians decided to teach people in Zambia to grow food.
So we got with Italian seeds south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends towards the Zambia River, and we taught the local ones to grow Italian and warming tomatoes and ...
Of course, people weren't at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't work.  We were amazed that the local ones, in so fragile they hadn't had agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God that we're here."  "It says time to save the people of Zambling of the Hamlet."
And of course, everything in Africa grew up beautiful.
We got these magnificent tomatoes -- in Italy, a tomato would grow this size -- in Zambia, to this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the seals, "Look how easy agriculture is.
When the tomatoes were beautiful, mature and red, at night in the morning, about 200 hypothesis came up from the river and ate everything.  And we said to the seals, "My God, the hypertensions."
And the slides said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here."  "Why don't you say that? You never ask you."
I thought only we the Italians made mistakes in Africa, but then I saw what Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypothesis.
You should see the waste.  You should see the waste that we give you to the confused people in Africa.
You want to read a book, read "His Death Death from Damy Moon, the state of a change.
The book was published in 2009.
We, the Western donors, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about damage that that money has causes.
Just read your book.
Launch from an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are imperatives, colonialism missions, and we treat people just in two ways or patterns, or we are patronless.
The two words come from the Latin Latin Pack, which means "Paradox."
However, they mean two different things.
Patricia, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my kids, "I want to love you."
Pattern, I treat everybody in a different culture as if they were my services.
That's why the whites in Africa are called "Good, boss.
That book gave me a battery in the face -- "The little thing is beautiful, written by Schipton, who said for all the economic development, if people don't want to be helped if people don't want to be helped -- sole them.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect it.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, can you imagine a city that isn't neurogene?
I decided to be 27 years old just answering people, and I invented a system called Facebook Company where you never start anything, you never motivate anyone, but it becomes a search of local passion, the seat of local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? You shut it.
It never comes to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people in the local location.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a cafe. We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we find out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give an idea to somebody.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's you going to do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge because nobody in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have the knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for one time instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not at once, but not community meetings.
Let me tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never do, and they would never tell you, in a public meeting, what you want to do with your own money, what opportunity you've identified about.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face -- you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You have to create a new profession.
The profession is the family family doctor, the family family doctor, which sits with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, and that helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of making your life.
I started this as a test in East, Western Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at that time, trying to get away from this hidden garbage where we got to tell them what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects on the march, and the government came to see me to ask myself, "How can you do that?
How can you do it? And I said, "I did something very, very, very difficult.
And I was struggling and I listened.  So the government says, "Have it back again."  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40,000 business.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Drug, one of the most great business advise in history, passed at '96, a few years ago.
Peter Drug was a philosophy of philosophy before we got involved in business, and this is what Peter Dravidic says "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an economic enterprise.
Planning is the kiss of the death of corporate spirit.
So now you're rebuilding Christian without knowing what the most attractive people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to become a conversation with you.
You have to provide confidence, privacy, you have to be a fantastic to help them, and then you will be able to get it in a mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
What presentation you have added is this tomorrow?
Local people. That's what you have clapping.
So, what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial fuel revolution -- non-storytelling fossil -- manufacturing -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The brakes as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we have to consider is how we nutritious, we cure us, we education, we transport to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for green revolution -- the universities -- forget.
The government government." Forget it.
They'll be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's an amazing story that I read in a future magazine many years ago.
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the 1960s.
And in the 1960s, this group of people came together, and they signed up about what was going to happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was this: New York City wouldn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve, and they pointed out, if the population keeps growing at this rate, to bring the population in New York around the around, they would require six million horses and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to fix.
They were already getting announced in dung --  So in 1860, they were doing this dirty technology that would be the life of New York City.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States, there was 100 automotive manufacturing companies, 101.
And the idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few scarces, simplified, factories in crowded places.
Derek, Michigan. Henry Ford Ford.
There is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to provide confidence.
Otherwise, you won't come to conversation with you.
Then, you have to offer them an absolute deal, definitely service.
And then you have to tell you the truth with respect to it.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to do three things: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to tell with a fantastic marketing and you have to tell with a great financial administration, you have to tell.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and look for the money alone.
There is no exist.
This is still not born.
We've been researching and looked at the 100 icon companies of the world, Carnegie World, Western English, Edinburgh, Ford all the new companies, Google, Bahan.
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, just one: none of them was started by one person.
Never the word me, but the word "We "Well, 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
No one starts a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have factories, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in cats, in bars next to their shrimp decorates who are going to do for you, that someone did for this gentleman who speaks to this epidemic, someone who asked you, what does it need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell it? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that, "I want you to look for someone?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
People who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like supernovances, plants and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much do my neighbors pay for their approaches?
How can we pay and ask more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape?
How do we share more our hopes to empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots that give shadows to love, drunk and sounds for centuries and comfort in a city.
It always gives the music charge.  There's a paradox in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest number of abandoned properties.
I live near this house, and I thought how I could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood, and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost somebody who loved a lot.
It was Joan as a mother for me.
Her death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this caused me a deep gratitude for living and living time.
He gave clarity to the significant things of my current life.
But I get to keep this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let me catch on the day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house on a giant boat and he painted on her phrases to complete, "Before I die.
So the transitions could take a chain, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was recovered and kept covering me.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I die, I want to be judged by pirate."  Before I die, I want to sit to a battle on the line of change change."
Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people."
Before I die, I want to plant a tree."
Before I die, I want to live outside the network."
Before I die, I want to embrace it once again."
Before I die, I want to go to the rescue of someone."
Before I die, I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh at cardiols, discovered me, and gave me a lot of hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and school ways -- it's about giving the reflection and contraction, and to remember what is most important to us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started receiving hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues from the civic center we did a kit and now they've done walls in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distribution -- it's more important than ever, finding ways to preserve perspective and remember that life is brief.
Death is something that we often avoid to talk about, or even think, but I understood that to prepare for death is one of those things that think of us more power.
To think of the death of our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fears and stories, the people around us can't only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a only request today.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
I read about 22 years old, it's high and very gun.
Don't speak but convey better than some of the best browsers.
And let me know what love is.
And I share it incredibly incredibly pass what happens.
It's not available. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about religious differences and look at this: never lied.
When I sing songs from our childhood, trying to make words of the words I can't even afford to remember, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that has to be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's high. It's very guil.
It has the most uncomfortable memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
It doesn't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year that each of the songs of my iPod came out of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, to be puzzled in my arm during the first episode of the Telecommunically and the Lake Gaga birthday.
Doesn't it seem amazing?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because their minds don't adjust to the concept of society, they're often ignored and unconscious.
But what propelled my heart and served my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they didn't consider them within the order, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term autism, it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In every individual, it manifests in a different way, from there that Remed is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of development that is fastest in the world, there is no cause of any known cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I had only three years when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new being in my life.
When they spent a few months, I realized he was different.
He got a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
He was living and he was sitting in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smaller things, like putting the cars in row around the room, looking at the washing machine, and eating anything there would be between media.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond the boards, the frustration and the endless hypertension, there was something really unique -- a pure and innocent nature -- a child who saw the world without pressures, a human being that never mind.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some tough moments in my family, moments where I would have wanted them to be right like me.
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuals, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that I wouldn't want to change by normal.
Normal happens by the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact that it doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means there's a different vision of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to Remed and Sam and you, it would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have -- they're a god." Each of us has a gift on its inner and honestly, the pursuit of normal.
The opportunity for grandmother, progress and change dies at the time we try to be like the others.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit about what must have been to be Alice in the Marine country.
Penn State asked me, a professor of communications, who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
He was frightened.  Sustainable studying these students with their big minds, their big books and their big words and unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice must have felt like when I fell through the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
So I felt like when I had those conversations with students. I was surprised the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our largest challenges, from energy to environment and health care, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please hold them with simple.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that you can see that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to answer it: and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
They don't just tell us to study translations, but they study the tragedies, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the oxygen.
And when you're describing your science, you care about the garage.
The goal is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say "special and temporary, but why don't I say space and time that is much more accessible to us?
So making them accessible is not the same thing to make them stuff.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromise the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples and stories and analogies -- they're ways to embrace and engage with their content.
And when you present your work, forget the signal signs."
You wonder why they're called "blood Balls?  What do the balls do? The bullets kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it supports too much in the language of the language of our brain and used us.
Instead, this example of General Brown example is much more effective -- it shows that the special structure of transistors is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower, the Entire Tower design.
The trick here is to use a simple sentence -- legal, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphs that fit into our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what it's described about.
I think these are just some key ones that can help each other open the door and see the country of wonders that are science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, for all the media, mental with me.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from all of English Oxford dictionary is "sensitivity."
It's just because it sounds very well.
And "sending "substitute means "dolagina's political."
Although there was a personal editor of the 19th century that defined it much better when he said, "A "self-degree: the "Separator is that that seeks a public load without matter participant, platform or beginning, and when I win, I get it for the mere use of a religious verbal monkey."
I have no idea what it means to resource."
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't until for example, 177 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliament camera.
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the installation of Brazil Crime, who confronted the Parliament.
They took him in the London Tower and had the enough courage to face them, and at the end he had such popular support in London that he won.
And just a few years later, we had the first registered use of the sentence that both blocks like metaphor.
Most people think it's literal.
It's not. It's by a freedom of freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to go back to America, right after the independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do we call the leader of a Republican country?
This was debate in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions were presented to be frustrated.
Some wanted to call it White State "Post," and others, "The Allierne George Washington, and other Designers of the U.S. American people.
Not very attractive.
Some just wanted to call it "Keep."
They thought it was a quality of quality.
And not even with them were monopolities, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And I could have served it.
Everybody got immensely married because this debate was made for three weeks.
He read a poor sentence, and he always wrote, "I still have this topic."
What caused the retrospect and the way it was that the House of representatives were against the Senate.
The House of representatives didn't want Washington to be empowered.
They didn't want to call it King in case it gave him or his hard ideas.
So I wanted to give you the more modest title, more inspirational and more display that they came up with.
And that title was President."
President. They didn't invent the title -- I had already been before, but it just meant somebody who owns a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And it didn't have much more grandma than the "profit "property or supermarket."
There were environmental presidents of small colonies and government sciences, but it really was an insignificant.
And so the Senate is opposed.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign treated and meet with foreign digital.
"And who will be serious with a title as ridiculous and inspirational as President of America?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't celebrate.
We can learn three interesting things about this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never really refined the President's title.
President Barack Obama is lucky to keep there, waiting for the Senate to be in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says a measure is a temporary --  -- you may keep waiting for 232 more years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you, is that the US President title doesn't sound at absolutely so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads -- the largest economy in the world and a fleet of aerial aerial vehicles and so on.
The reality and the story have led to the graduate degree.
So at the end of the end, I won the Senate in the end.
They got their rest of responsibility.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of synchrony, well, was a synthesizer at the time.
But you know how many nations are you now present?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So at the end of the Senate won and the Republic House lost, because no one is going to feel humble when they tell them they're now the President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and that I would like to leave you.
Politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but really, the reality is much more the words than what they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to feet under the land in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded with heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sub-Saharan bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but above all, that catalog of male tasks and stones with primitive tools.
Like the other one -- I carry a cheap light of light on the head with this slide of slide, and I can barely distinguish the pink branches that hold the walls of that hole that has hundreds of meters on the ground.
And I turned my hand down, and suddenly I remember a minute that I met days before I lost the control and fell up in the wire of the measure of the person.
While I talk to you today, these men are deep in that hole risking their lives without paying or reward, and often dying.
I walked out of that hole and went home, but they might never do it, because they're pressure of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition at the Vancouver Peace Combat.
Among all the amazing people I met there, I met the Sandersetters international international in "The Sanderset, an NGO who's dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I began to learn about slavery because I knew that there was in the world, but not in such a grade.
When we finished talking to me I felt very wrong, honestly I was embarrassed to ignore this attention of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I was made a novel of the stomach and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the Director of "The Saladan and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these places.
Some of them, even I considered them my second home.
But this time, I'm going to see the dirty trials.
A conservative calculation says that there are over 27 million displaced people in the world.
It's twice the number of Africans displaced throughout the whole deal of transparency slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars.
Yet today you can enslave entire families for generation of 10 dollars 18 dollars.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits of more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work to find out that they're forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and can't escape.
The slavery operates in trade, the goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are desperately.
Scanning exists in almost everybody and yet it's illegal all over the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the horses of bricks.
This weird and formidable show was like entering the ancient Egypt or the Benches of Dan.
Huge in a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped up in a heavy dust of dust -- stack mechanics in their head, up to 18 at a time, and take them from advanced furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of feet.
They developed by the monopoly and the sanitation work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no papers to eat, not to drink, and the severe debate made it to origin it was quite insurgency.
And so pennies were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot, and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry, but the obstacles that I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Listen, don't do it. Don't do it here."
And it explained to me very clearly that proving emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer you any direct aid.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation that they were already gone.
I had to trust "The Sarves and work inside the system for his release, and he trusted him to get it.
In terms of me, I hope to get home to feel my hard heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running rocks for miles for miles for mountains that were waiting down.
Those big plants were more heavy than kids who are carrying them and children are holding them to their heads with expensive roads made of sticks, ropes and waste.
It's hard to present something so undergraduate.
How can we influence something so insidious but so innovative?
Some people don't even know they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without pay, because this has been all their life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villages were called their freedom, the slaves.
When we hear the word slavery we often think of sexual traffic and because of this global consciousness, they warned me that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Katmo I got women who had been previously sexually slaves.
I was driven by some algae states that gave this dirty basement of sole light.
It wasn't exactly a bureaucrat.
It was rather a restaurant.
Remaining as you know in the office, they're local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms -- private rooms where slaves -- women with their girls and children, some of just seven years -- they're forced to engage the clients and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each is dark and dirty and identified by a piece painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
workers often suffer sexual abuse to their clients.
And standing in the penguin, I remember having a sense of a former acute fear -- and at that moment, I could barely imagine what it should be to be stuck in that hell.
I just had a salary, the stairs where I came in.
There were no barrel doors.
There were no enough enough enough to train.
Those people have no stage and because we play a subject that hard, it's important to point out that slavery even sexual traffic happens around us.
There are hundreds of people scared in agriculture, in restaurants in the domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
Texts are another activity that we often relate with the starving hand of labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families enslaved in the trade of silk.
This is a family portrait of family.
The black hand hands are from the father, the blue and red, of their children.
They mix the tiny barrels on these big barrels and dip the silk on the liquid to the elbow, but the ink is toxic.
My introduction told me his stories.
"We don't have freedom: they said.
"We still hope, however, can be able to come out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay our job."
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children enslaved in Lake Voland, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a boat, two older brothers -- some younger kids, makes sense not?
Wrong. They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their traditional families, disappeared and forced to work with extensive toys in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This boy is eight years old.
When our boat was approached was shocking, it feared that his little canoe was embarrassing.
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of the branches of the trees plunged in Lake Voice often attract networks and children, paralyzed and fear of fear of water to delay the branches.
Many of them are beating.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work in the lake.
By fear of your love is not going to flee and, like the whole life has been treated with cruelty, it grows up to the younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they lifted up the latest networks, but they had been working from the one.
In the cold, windy night.
And you can point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Koo.
Kook was rescued in a fish village.
I met it in a shelter where "The Sandrings was released by slavery victims.
Kook symbolizes the possible.
Who will come to be because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
By driving for a road in Ghana with "Story The Sanders, a company obsessed with his mother suddenly accelerate and shoot our car and played the window.
He asked us to follow it for a dirt road to the jungle.
At the end of the way, we went out of the car, and asked the driver to go out quickly.
Then I pointed out this kind of very visible sense, and he said, "This is the path, this is the road. Go!
As we started down, we took off the earthquakes that blocked the road, and after walking about an hour we found that the path was attached by the recent rain, so I put the photo team on my head as we went down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the single path ended up overwhelmed in a clear, and we had in front of a hole of holes that could fit into a soccer field, and they were all full of scaled workers.
Many women had children tied up to their backs, and while they were looking for gold, they were walking in poison water.
The market is used in the extraction process.
These minutes are enslaved in one of the other parts of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were pregnant in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, eradicated, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells have to go up to 90 feet and these people carrying heavy bases of stone that then will be transported to another area where they would make the rock in order to extract the gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be filled with strong men and pictures but if you look closer at the margin we see other lucky ones, and also children.
They're all victims of injuries and diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this music ended up like this victim of tuberculosis and the meaning of the mercury in a few years.
This is Mandela. When his father died, his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
When he died his uncle, he inherited the debt of uncle that force him to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the injury of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so severe that the doctors said it should be advanced.
In addition to that, Mandela has tuberculosis, and not quite enough, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dream of being released and educated with local activists help like "The Sandrings and It's this kind of detection, from face to a remote possibility that inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen for you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will give them testimony of them and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very hard to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not of magazines -- they're from people, real people, like you and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There is no day that I don't think of these many beautiful people, military people, that I've had the great honor to meet.
I hope these images wake up a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that force gives up a fire and that that fire throwing light on the slavery because without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do a mathematical math and there's a peculiar problem for whom it does, we are like management consumers.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today I'm going to try and try to explain to you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
They dislike the virtues of the ballet and the climber dancers --  we'll see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably some initial altitude that can well have a genetic component.
Unfortunately, neurological disorders like Parkinson's disease, gradually destroy this extraordinary ability, as I do with my friend Jane Strudite who, at his time, was a virtual ball dancing bank.
In the last few years, a lot of progress has been progress in treatment.
However, there are six million people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with inconsigning inequality, sharks, regime and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way, and in definition, the only way we will know if there is really a cure when we have an objective and a certainty.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of movement there are no biological markers -- so they don't serve blood analysis, and the best thing we have is a 20-year-old neurological test.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside of clinical trials, they never do.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult trip to the clinic. What if patients could do the test themselves.
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as a conventional way to try and try and try and make a sense at least, all of us are virtual as my friend Jane Striver.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal ropes.
It shows someone healthy while it emits sound to speak -- we can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all of those vocal organs to produce sounds and all of us have the necessary genes -- the Phesior, for example.
And like the ballet requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think about time that leads to a child learning to speak.
From the sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they vibrate -- and as Parkinson's affects the extremists, it also affects the vocal organs.
On the bottom below, you can see an example of free temple from the vocal ropes.
We see the same symptoms.
Voice temperature, weakness and regime.
The speech becomes more quiet and associated after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these things based on the voice with the specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are not invasion.
The neurological test is not invasive -- both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are accurate. Well, but also the board tests are not specialized at all.
I mean, they can be subsidized.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
They are a minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
When something takes a cost so low, it appears to be massive scale.
These are some amazing goals ready to deal with.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
You wouldn't need to go to the clinic for routine check.
With high frequency monitoring, we could get objective data.
We could make mass recognizing mass for clinical trials and for the first time, falling falls on the general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomass of disease before it's too late.
So by giving you the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Paralysis vocal in Parkinson.
Together to Acumen and Physics, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Whatever or without Parkinson's, it can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So May, taking all these samples of, say 10,000 people, can you say who's healthy and who doesn't?
What will you take out of these samples?
Max Latro, yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether you have or not disease. TR: Sure.
MK: You see, some people may not pass it. They may not finish it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for lemon factors looking for the real markers of the disease.
TR: Do you have about 86 percent accuracy right now.
MS: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Tanzanians, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now it's shown that it works on the mobile phone network too, which is embracing the project. We now have 99 percent accuracy of accuracy.
TR: Novel and nine. Well, it's a improvement.
MB: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Little, public.
MB: Thank you, Tom.
Before the March of 2011, I was doing photographs in New York City.
We are plant creatures, gray creatures.
We hid in the dark, in rooms without windows and, usually we avoid solar light.
We make the thin thin models even more skinny, the perfect skin even more perfect we do the impossible, possible and criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
A little time later, an organization where I was voluntary -- there was Harvards Volunteer, was in the place working as part of the response team.
And I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't sit at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13 traveled to Our Owland.
It's a little fish village located in the Stein prevalence of almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the waves.
The water level recorded over 24 feet high, and more than three kilometers inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We took rubble struggles and the banks.
We clean schools. We take off the sludge and we leave the houses ready to be renewables and residentially.
We took tons and tons of dead fish and search from the local factory power.
We were using ourselves and loved us.
For weeks, both the volunteers like the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and lobbyists and cameras and street cards.
Everybody did the same thing.
You pick them up and take them to different places from the villages around to keep them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of personal losses that people had suffered with.
As they go from the wave, and to save their lives, they had to leave absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week I began to help in a village assessment center.
He helped clean the communal toilets, giant balls.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the training center hits the photos.
They took them and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean up the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression of thinking beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until taking myself into my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at the pictures, I found some that had over a hundred years -- some were still in the lab about the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking as a retrovirus how to fix that trait and repair that trait and knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I entered Facebook with some of them, and in the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive that I knew we had to try.
So we started replacing the photos.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too strategically, but where the water had doubled the face of the girl had to come up with a lot of precision and defense.
Otherwise, that girl wouldn't have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the spill picture.
With the step of time, they were lucky for more pictures and they needed more retrospective so that I went into Facebook and Lincoln and five days later, 80 people from 12 countries volunteered to help.
Within two weeks I had 150 people who were willing to join together.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Readarity, a neighboring town north of Malay.
Once a week we used our scanner on the temporary photographic library that had been installed where people were going to call their photos.
The time they took on them is a different story, it depends on the perfect of the photos.
It could take an hour. It could make weeks.
It could get months.
This guy had to draw virtually by hand using the areas whose color and detail.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures plunged in salt water, covered from bacteria, with algae -- even oil, all of that together with the step of the time continued to destroy them, so let's release them by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't touch the picture unless he was clean, dry and had been claimed by his owner owner.
We were lucky with the hand.
We have the guide of an amazing neighbors.
It's very easy to harm even more the pictures already damaged.
As William once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures were lucky in relation to photos.
He had started to wipe them up but stopped when he realized that he was even more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not be able to rebuild. We were able to split the images in one photo and play the whole picture.
When he picked up his pictures, he shared some of his story with us.
A few colleagues from his husband found the pictures in a fire station between the rubble pretty far from where his house used to be, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the control of closing the barriers to the wave.
It had to go inside the water as the signs sounded out.
Their small kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, different schools.
One of them was stuck in the water.
It took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived.
The day he handed her pictures his youngest son is 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could go back to look, something that he could remember from the past that he hadn't been marked by that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined us there to be Hands Henry hundreds of them helped us clean up over 130,000 photographs -- the vast majority -- the great majority came back to their owners of their dreams.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us go back to 90 families of totally restored photos and removed.
During this time, we don't really spend over 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of them in ink for printer.
We took pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relative, somebody dear it.
They are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take but the first thing we would go back.
This was about this project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this gets back to somebody, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of retirement.
Some of them connect them with something bigger, back something, using their talent for something that is not a thin skin of perfect skin.
In order to finish this email I would like to read this email.
While I was retreating, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in the images.
One in particular, a picture with women from different ages from the grandmother to the small girl, gathered around a baby, moved around me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter recently, hangs out of our wall.
In the whole world, in the entire world, our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.  Alas aliens.
Dr. Edge inspired us and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that draws an apple in a single million of a second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I introduce you a new type of photography, the photographer, a new technique so fast that you can create videos in slow camera of the light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the line of vision, or see the interior of the body without using X-rays, and really challenging the idea of camera.
If I take a laser dot and turn it up and go off in a billion second or be, in several females to create a photo package of just a millimeter wide.
And that package of photons -- that ball, traveling at the speed of light, and, again, a million times faster than a common ball.
If you take that bullet and this photo package and shoot in this bottle, how do you spread those photons inside this bottle.
What is the aspect of light in slow motion.
Now, all of this --   Remember that all of this happens effectively in less than a nanomaterial is what happened to travel light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see the light in motion.
Coca-Cola did not hold this research.  They happen a lot of things in this film, to give this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our ball, goes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to push it and that, inside, starts to spread.
Part of the light is flowing, he goes to the table, and we started seeing these drivers.
Many of the photons finally come to the table, and then they explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's a bubble of air that bounces inside the inside.
At that time, the waves travel through the table, and because of the reference of the top you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames that the reflect is focus.
Now, if you take a common bullet and a current bullet and make it go the same distance and see it in slow camera to about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to see that movie to look like?
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring movie --  -- of a slow balloon.
And what about dealing with dead nature?
You can see the waves of the table, the tomato and the wall of the bottom.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature painted a picture, I thought, from a metabolism at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this tomato again, you realize that, as the light hits the tomato -- it's still brilliant. It's not dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the sunlight inside its inner and comes back after several trillion of a second.
In the future, when this member is on your mobile phones, you're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
Why do we create this camera at MIT for?
As photographers, you know, if you take a picture of low exposure, it comes very little light.
But we're going to go through a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition -- so just go into some light.
We sent that balance, that photo package of photons and millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very remote synchrony, we took these gigabytes of data and we put them in computer to create those females that I showed you.
We can take all of these raw data and process them in an interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a superhero future would allow him to see after the corners?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door. Respond, enter the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light resources.
It's not science fiction. We've built it.
On the left, it's our female female.
Behind the wall there is a manipulation and we'll bounce light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications.
And a small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera, but interestingly, at slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works like that, our female females, has unique capabilities.
It has very good temporal resolution, and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances up to the door, and also the hidden objects, but we don't know what point corresponds to what distance.
When you project a laser you can record a picture in gross that, you see on the screen, it really doesn't make any sense.
But let's take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, we'll put them together and try to analyze the multiple light resources, and with that, we can see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D 3D?
This is our reconstruction here.
We have things to explore before we pull this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collision with what's going around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by the open windows.
Or we could build the expectations of the body inside of the body to overcome oceans, and the same thing for carbon.
But of course, because of tissue and blood this is pretty difficult, so this is actually a question to scientists to start thinking about photographer as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of technology in health of the next generation.
So like Dr. Educate, he was a scientist, turned science into art, an art of surgery pictures.
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collect is not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
It will create a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color code.
And let's look at those waves. Remember, time between each of those waves is just a few trillion seconds.
But here also happens a funny thing.
If you look at the waves underneath the table, these are away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects. Einstein would have loved to see this picture.
The order in which the events happen in the world sometimes appear to be invested in the camera.
By applying the corresponding warping of space and time, we can correct this distortion of distribution.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A cell phone can change life and give you individual freedom.
With a cell phone, you can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song, put it to Led and make it famous.
All of this is possible with a cell phone.
I'm a come from 1984 and live in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were trying to look for a change.
This is the fall of 1989, imagine if all these people gathered that they're looking for a change, they had a phone in the pocket.
Who in the present have a mobile phone here?
Get it.
Get your mobile phones up.
Get them up. An Android, a Blackberry, wow."
It's a lot. Almost everyone today has a mobile phone.
But today I'm going to talk about me, my cell phone, and how I changed life.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 300 lines of information.
Brown data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a director.
Depression Department.
This director says that every European phone company, every single Internet provider of all Europe, has to store a broad range of information from users.
Who calls who who sends an email to who he sends to.
Who sends him a text to who he is.
And if we use the phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored for at least six months, and until two years, in their phone company or its Internet providers.
And all over Europe people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data conference.
We want the authoritarian in the digital age, and we don't want the phone and the Internet providers to store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests all said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who went out on the streets of Berlin and said, "Liberty, not fear."
And some people even said this would be the Stephen 2.0.
The Steam was the secret police of East Germany.
And I also asked if this works really work.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the mobile phone?
So I asked my phone to my phone, December Telecom, who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany, who please send me all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I went back to ask them, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all blah blah blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are protecting my life.
So I decided to give you a court demand because I wanted to have this information.
But December Telecom said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end we signed an agreement.
I was going to remove the demand and they sent me the information that I asked me.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Court failed the incarceration for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly bathroom on brown with a CD inside.
And the CD was this.
Trip and 5,000 analogies of information lines.
And I first saw them and I said, well, it's an enormous file. Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life on this archive.
It was a little skilled." What should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the data return means.
So, alongside Zeit's October and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can zoom up and pull up, go back and forward.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I go from Franklin into Columbia, and how often I call the way.
This is all possible with this information.
That's a little scary.
But it's not only about me.
It's about all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
And then they call me some friends and they call me each other.
And then one calls each other, and the other one to the other, and we ended up with this big network of communication.
You can see how your people communicate with each other to what time they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who, who sent an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people on the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a phone in the pocket.
And the State had known who I participated in this protest, and if the State had known who the leaders were, this never happened.
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And as a result, not the fall of Hiroshim Corted.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store as much information of us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives, and they want to store them forever.
But the authority and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for authority.
You have to fight for that every day.
When you go home to tell their friends that privacy is a 21st century value and it's not past fashion.
When they go home, tell their representatives that only because companies and state agencies can store certain information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information store of you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones to remember you have to fight for the authority in the digital era.
Thank you.
Hello, TEDTalk, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello, TEDTalk, what happens?
I call me Massachusetts Zambley and I'm not a form, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, associating the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain palsy, that's why it was very much all the time.
Look at it.
It's adaptable. I'm like a Shakespeare mix of Shake.
And Muhammad Al.
P. C is not genetics.
It's not connection or it can be controlled.
No one was sort of spread my mother from my mother, and I didn't catch it because my parents were siblings, even though they are.
It just happens by accidents, like the one that happened to me at birth.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration -- and I don't want any of the speakers to see.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they have wanted to be disabled.
Let's go from a walk.
Christmas visitors, they're in the commercial center, drive in circles for parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disability.
And you think, "God, can I be at least a little bit disabled?
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and Dr. C. it's just one of them.
If there was a shot of the operation, I would win the gold medal.
I am a Palestinian Muslim, Muslim woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park Chefificanon, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same principles.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the case."
My father's mantra was -- "You can do it "Time -- dancing sandwich."
If my three older sisters cleaned up, I cleaned up.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents were deployed to the school system, and they were sure that I was also outside of it, and if we didn't take all the most important note we all received my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at five years putting my talents on his feet and just walking.
Another technique I used was to hang a dollar in front of me to pursue it.
The spiritual I carry inside was very strong.
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden was walking like a boat camp that has received a lot of blocks.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs now, and they continue to be all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11, and the politicians thought appropriate to use "So "Disable to Muslims as a campaign law.
The people I grew up with didn't have trouble with my faith.
But it seemed to be a lot of people who died of hunger during the rain.
I would tell you that I had enough fat to live three months without eating, so to help me go from the dawn of streaming is very easy.
I dance in Broadway dance.
Yes, in Broadway, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with tailonors, or I can walk with talks.
I am from New Jersey, and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends used talks, I too.
And when my friends were going to pass summer vacation on the coast of Jerusalem, I didn't go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents were afraid that if we didn't go back to Palestine all summer, we would become Mandaria.
In summer vaccines, my father was trying to kill me, so I drank milk milk -- I got hot cups on the back, I plunged into the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I remember thinking, "You know, it works."
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I did yoga that I was a standard of standard that I couldn't stand up with and stand up.
And now I can hold in your head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the Tendan Hospital television.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the U.S., University of the state of Arizona, because I was going into all the issues.
It was like the pets of the theater department.
They all loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least intelligent, I took the maximum note in my classes and also in his classes.
Every time I did a glass of the crystal cup my teachers were crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the U.S. decided to make a work called Bangladesh very slow in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with brain paralysis.
I was a girl with brain paralysis.
So I started screaming at the four winds, "In "The end, I'll have a paper."
I have brain parallel.
At the end of the final, he was free."
Thank God powerful, at the end I'm free."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave him to Sherey Brown.
I went to accept running at the direction of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask him why and she told me that because they believed that I couldn't do the stunt stunt stages.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts -- it can't be character."
It was a role for the one that was literally born and gave it to an actor without cerebral palsy, right?
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a suicide history of hearing actors without disability for disabled papers.
When I was graduating, I went home, and my first machine tour was kind of strange on a television.
My dream became true.
And I knew it would be a search for "Clother to Better friend" in a sandwich.
Instead, I stayed there as a vase -- I didn't see myself more than the new, and it was obvious for me that repertoire directors didn't hire lower activists, not white, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Whole Goldenberg, Rossen Barry, Chango, and all these women had one thing in common: they were commercially.
That's why I became a storytelling.
In my first tour, I took famous comic comics from New York to New Jersey, and I would never forget the face of the first comic that I took when I fell in the realization that I was going to high speed by the New Jersey freeway, with a driver that had cerebral palsy, right?
I worked in clubs from all over the United States, and also in Arabic in East East, without censor and without sealed.
Some people say I'm the first monarchy in the Arab world.
I never like to call the first place, but I know that you never heard that little disgusting rumor that says women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother from another mother and father, Dean Baby, and I launched the Department of the New York City Company, now in its 10.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Americans in the media media and to remind us of the reporters of repair that South Africa and Arabs are not synonymous with it.
Interview the Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the stimulation of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was like invited to the cable news program with Keith Ollia.
I walked into a graduate dance, dragged me to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse me, you can give me another chair for me?
She looked at me and said, "Five, four, three, two.
And we were live.
So I was clinging to the desk desk not to get out of the screen during the secret, and when I finished the interview, I was planted.
I finally had my opportunity and discovered it. I knew they wouldn't be invited.
But not just Mr. Olliance came back to me, but it was like a full-time participant and I pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Olliance was that people on the Internet are school.
Children are said that children are criter, but they never get fun of me or a little bit of a little girl.
All of a sudden, my disability on the Internet became object objects.
I see clips online with comments like, "Why do you tie?
"Is it retreat?
And my favorite, "Pole bottle terrorist bottle.
What disease does it have?
We really should go through it."
A commentation suggested even to add my disability to my curved current: "Guinther-life, comments, paralyzed.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in wheelchair can't do Beijing, then Beausau can't make someone in a wheelchair.
Districts are -- yeah, clapping. Man: Come on.
Disease are the largest minority in the world, and the most sustained in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, to have grown up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in the media and in everyday life.
Perhaps if there were more positive images, that would be less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My touch trip has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet floating by the dish of the Susan Sunday TV and the crowd Red Autonomous.
I got to act in a film with Adam Sander and working with my pain, the incredible Dave Mathematican.
And I took the world up by finding the Arabs have become crazy."
I was developed in representative of the great state of New Jersey in the city of 2008.
And he founded the kids of Marillos" -- a charity charity to give the kids refugees.
It was the only time my father saw me acting live, and he gives this talk to his memory.
(Claughter in peace, Dad passenger."
I call me Massachusetts Zairo, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a little town in South America.
This town is near Mogram.
The drought drives the little town to poverty and the edge of the initiative.
Nothing for him there, it goes to the great city, in this case, Mumbai, the Scientist capital.
When it comes there, there's no opportunity, there's no job, no future perspective.
He just lived in a tent in the city outside of Mugace.
Maybe a railway year, nothing.
One day he gets a gentleman that offers her to lunch, after dinner, to disappear.
It meets a dynamic group of people, which gives you a break.
He gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home to her family.
They present a young guy.
He finally gets home.
A new life begins.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mogram, under a blue sky, a car sky.
That child from that little town with dreams of the great care was the suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were to Sharah, a terrorist organization connected to al Qaeda.
So how do the story of a small town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him in the city?
He was waiting for him.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing he came in.
This was the first thing that I pulled it out of what we call "the Wait Perime."
And their story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It is the story of the marginalized, young urban urban people who put out riots in Johnsan -- described riots in London, who are looking for something beyond the waiting period."
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three in five people living in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of the waiting period, the door of access to terrorism, to violence, to the gang pandemics, will be the history of cities.
And in my birth, Movarma, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent don't work, doesn't go to school.
They don't do virtually anything.
I went back to Mubarak last month, and I went to visit the Manhattan hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in the front of that hospital and the balances thinking, and if I would never have gone?
What if I had been forced to be in that same period of wait?
Would it have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure of the answer.
The reason I was in Mograman that month was actually to add up a juvenile leaders in a corporate management.
I went to about 90 Somali juvenile leaders.
We sat and we had a rain.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Mogram, graduated.
There was no job, no opportunities.
I remember when he said to me, that because he was a graduate college -- unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recruited with.
They were looking for people like it.
But this story takes a different path.
In Movarma, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets.
A hundred years of civil war have completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move.
So you saw an opportunity and adapted it.
He started a motorcycle company.
He started releasing motorcycles to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some time to expand hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this story?
What makes this different story?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's business spirit, and I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against waiting period."
It makes young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking so desperately desperately.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mom Mouaz, a flower.
I was helping train some of the young people on the summit of business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of corporate initiative culture.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mumbai has seen in more than 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed came in, if you wanted flowers for your wedding work, we were on plastic sent from the foreign.
If you asked someone, "When was it the last time you saw fresh flowers in free?
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, "No."
So Mohamed saw an opportunity.
He started a fuel company and a flower design.
He created a farm on the outskirts of Mugasa, and he began to grow tubes and light, who said, could survive the hard weather of Mography.
And it started the development of flowers for wedding banks, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies -- and now it's working on the creation of the first public park of Mogers in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mography.
He wants to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and as he says, smell the proverbial robots.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people.
They never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO to work for government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, which could be artificial of change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They identified business solutions for local problems.
So, inspired young people and creating a culture of business spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas happen.
They need experience and orientation to guide them in development and put on their business.
They connect young people with the resources they need, brilliantly the support they need to move from the concept to creation, and create catalogs for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
Your Peace Park is how it calls it, when it's created, transforming the way people see their city.
They add kids on the street to help rent rent and keep the motors for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the spare period parallel.
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities.
So my suggestion is, they turn young people into entrepreneurs, they bond and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and the Parks of Peace than autonomous and waiting persons."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went camping with my dad in the Adam Mountains -- an area beat north of the state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The central forest.
The sun made the leaves glow like a vitality, and not to be because of the path that we were on, almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings to push that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a cooperative in a list with a beautiful prison lake when I discovered something horrible when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the cooperation, there was a barrier, from about four square meters with poster headlines of solar paper balls and old square.
And I was announced, I was very angry, incredibly confused.
The camps that were too lazy to pull out what they had created, who thought he was going to clean up their barrel?
So that question followed with me, and it feels a little bit simplified.
Who clean our barrel?
No matter how you organize or where you put your own, who clean our trash in Star in Star White?"
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London.
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean up our trash for 11,000 tons of waste.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What do you feel to use the uniform and take that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled on the trucks and walked through their trajectories and interviewed people in offices and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intuitive.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a garbage collection.
Now it didn't just travel in the trucks. I drive.
And I operated the mechanical children and the snow ship.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
They all ask about smell.
It's there, but it's not as prevalent as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong you get used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years, and their bodies kept sticking on the weight of taking on their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of Labbarinating statistics, the collection of waste is one of the 10 most dangerous occupation of the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and pass around you around you.
They just want to happen, so the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also, the garbage itself is full of dangers that often fall off the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the strategic base.
When you get out of the line, you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that the trash is like a force of nature itself.
It never stops coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It must always be in motion.
And there's also the stigma.
I think the stigma is especially ironic because I believe strongly that waste collection is the most important work in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health protection.
If you don't fall away from waste efficiently and effective every day, this starts to break out of your content and your inherent dangers threaten us in very real ways.
Diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start damaging.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for what the motors of the economy start to fail when it's in danger of consumption.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, only their relationship.
And then there is what I call our average daily speed of needing.
With that, I mean simply the speed that we used to move in contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about it, and we don't replace, we cleaned up or we take our coffee cup and our shadow bag, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them up, we forget about them, because we know there's a work force on the other side that will get away from it.
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Her work, I think, is almost literature.
They're on the street every day, in a rhythmic form.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you expect them.
And their work allows us to do our work.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us away from ourselves, from our own waste, our waste, and that flow always must stay in one form or another.
One day after 9/11, 2001, I listened to the dragon of a waste collection truck in the street, grabbed my little son and lowered the stairs running around, and there was a man making his paper recycling journey as he did all the Milkstongheas.
And I tried to thank him for doing his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just assistant, and he said, "We're going to be okay.
We're going to be right."
Shortly after that, I started investigating waste collection, and I went back to see that man.
It's called Paul, we worked together many times, and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be okay.
But in our efforts to replicate the way we exist on this planet as a species, we should include and keep in account all the costs, even the very real human cost of the labor of work.
The municipal waste, what we think when we talk about garbage represent three percent of the amount of waste designers.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one you see someone whose job is to clean up the garbage of you, you take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life by making part of the environment where architecture was born naturally from the conditions and the local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final architecture of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several floors in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Abed.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to go out.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the research with crystals generates heat on the interior, so it's a lot of controller.
In a city where this shouldn't happen, because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees for the entire year.
And third, his aspect has nothing to do with Africa or with Ethiopia.
It's a penis by treating a place that is so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really caught with the old market that is this structure of free air where thousands of people, they go and buy things every day to little sealed self-confrontation.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, of various floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by inspiring the site, which is located in an area of a lot of growth in the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that are not communicating in an extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets, bringing together all the entries in the building.
And this extends with an inclined atmosphere that creates a free air space in the building that will self-assemble itself, in its own way, the sun and rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes in every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a tissue like a short stream of anthropologists to allow the entrance of the air, and also the light, but in a filtered way.
We then inspired ourselves in these beautiful buttons of the exercises of the steel.
They have the properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the face.
We're building that with these little preferring pieces that are the windows that allow the air and light in a way controlled inside the building.
This is complicated with these little color crystals using light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince the developers because they thought, "That's not a commercial center. It wasn't what we said.
But in fact, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center because at the end of there was more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade, was a lot more economic -- not only because of the material in comparison with glass, but also because it was no longer necessary to have air conditioning.
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy story for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage putting photographs on the roof.
And then under those panels, we think of the ceiling as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these parasites on the roof, which actually collect water for the sandwiches of the inside.
It's expected for the beginning of the next year, because we're going through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project so large, the biggest one I ever designed, I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the middle, a 1,000-year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with a dozen access doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to place, the first design operation that we did was expand the existing streets, creating 12 similar blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards in Europe.
In addition to that, we select some strategic points in relation to the idea of the doors interconnected with straight lines, and this actually modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the small cell of the project, like the apartment, as a essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in Mediterranean climate control?
And it's normal, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, so a natural ventilation.
So we put a scheme that makes sure that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with courtyards and then on the low plant, we have all the connections for pedestrians in the floor.
And it also responds to local norms that establish greater density in higher levels and a lower density on the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like rebonding the community that was occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, can go up and solved, and make activity such as running a two kilometers in the morning, or jumping from one building to another building.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes the communities and local economies at the same pace growing the buildings.
So for this reason, I see even more important to look for architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions, which improve the relationship between the community and the environment, and they have as an objective connecting nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl joined our class. It was so remarkable.
It had huge amounts of hair, very bright hair, and a small performance of pencils -- weird -- it was super strong for the capital capital states, very good for artistic.
I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy, until I brought my sinister plan.
One day I got a time after the school out of school, I was a little afternoon, and I hid in the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was offered, I went out, I walked into the classroom, I took from my teacher to the calms book.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my rival just a little bit, just a little bit.
All of the way.  And I went back to the book to the box, but to see, some of my other partners had very good notes as well.
So in a sentence, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all the lines of D and myself a row of this, just for being there, because I could.
I still wonder what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came up.
I don't understand why I felt well doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was that everything was completely obvious.
They never discovered me.
But most of all, I get rid of the reason why I was bothered that this kid, so small, was so good for artistic.
The tickets are intrigued by me.
They're so mysterious and so pretty powerful.
We know babies suffer from cells.
Also, the primates. The blue birds are very proposition.
We know that ice is the number one cause of sealed murder in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzing loneliness or long duration or sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because novels are like the lab in which the cells are being studied in all of their possible shapes.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no jealousy, I would have no literature.
Well, there would be no Helen the infection, and there would be "Boy."
There would be no king celebration, nor "The Thousands and a night."
There would be no Shakespeare.
They would disappear from high school reading lists, because we would be losing "The Ruda and Furbane," there wouldn't be Gates and Foscher: We would lose "Madagara Boyone and "Man K."
No professional phones, there is no Prostity. I know it's fashionable to say that Prostitute has the answers to everything, and in terms of the cells, almost they have all of them.
This year is 100 years of his master play, "In search for the lost time, the most excited study of sexual cells and also the ordinary competition, my own, everything we could have.  And thinking about Prostitue, we have the sensory details, right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a muscle magnetic magazine in you.
We forget how hard that image is.
We forget how impacting it is.
That is, books that Virginia World said were as hard as a cat thing.
I don't know what the cat line is, but we assume it's surface.
Let's look at why they go so well together, the novel and the ties, the hair and Prostitute.
Will it be very obvious like the titles that are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their presentations, are a good narrative fact?
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel cells.
When we feel cells, we tell ourselves a story.
One story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel wrong.
By being narrative and audience, we know exactly what detail will include to lead the knife -- right?
The hairs make us all amateur novels and that is something that I promised to understand.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give it pleasure to another, maybe right now.
And it starts to tell itself that story, and since then, Proust says that every fresh love that Sooh detects on his lover, adds him to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Soviet and Prostitute, they were notoriously celebrated.
You know, Prosthetic Novements would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so celebrated to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The cells are adaptable.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And what are the cells?
The streets are nutritional about information.
The times use the details.
The hairs like the big amounts of bright hair, and the cute and little stopped story.
The streets are nutritional from photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful --  I made the language well the language of the chain with the cells.
When Soval is in his hair angle, suddenly he hears behind the doors and bribe to the searches of his lover -- then he defines those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is reputation, but it's not different from the interpretation of an old text or to look at a monkey."
He says, "They're scientific research with real intellectual value.
Progress is trying to prove that hairs look untrading and make us seem absurd, but in their member, they're search for knowledge, search for truth, a painful truth. In fact, to what I argued to consider, the more painful the truth, the more painful the truth.
pain, humiliation, loss, these were the pathways to the Prosper wishes.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer -- causes us a range of feeling much more profound and vital than a wise man who can be interested in us.
Are we telling us that we're going to look for critical women?
No. I think it's trying to say that the hairs reveal us to ourselves.
And there is some other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals our aggression, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look with so mind?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very small young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife would encourage him.
And Freud says there was something strange in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Well, she was innocent -- everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicious without any cause.
But he was looking for things that his wife did, without realizing it, involuntary behaviors.
Sound too much? Or does it accidentally rotate with a man?
Freud says the man was becoming the custom of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how cells make us look at intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more intense we are, the more we become residents of the fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the hairs lead us to do violent or illegal act.
The hairs drive us to behave in totally unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at eight years old, I recognize it. But I'm also thinking about this story I heard about the news.
A woman in Michael of 52 years of age was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook from the one that was sent to visionary messages.
For a year.
She was trying to inconsen the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend. I have to confess that when or this, they reacted to admiration as well.
Because, let's be realistic.
How big, though unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
Like a novel of Path Himalayas.
Hmales is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of "Strangeric in a Trans" and "The Talenth Mr. Republic," books that are trying to have the tips, confuse our minds, and once we are on the sphere, in the cells kingdom -- the membrane that separates what it might be, it can be punch in an instant.
Let's take Tom Rick, her most famous character.
Tom Rick is going to be willing or wanting what you have to take away from your self and to be aware of what you ever had, and it's under the floor. It responds to your name, it takes your rings, empty your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the Tom Richard route.
I can't give everybody to everybody as much as I would like.
It's a pity, because we live in the time of envy.
We live in time times.
I mean, are we good citizens of social networks, where is the currency of the environmental network, right?
Now novels show us the salad? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in a mystery.
Let's go to 221 String Balcon and ask Superman Hellongs.
When people think about Hellongs, they think of the curse in Professor Mr. Mr. Criminal genius.
But I've always preferred to "Lead Instead, the head of rat face by Scott York who needs Hollywood desperately needs the health of Hellos, but it bothers him.
Oh, I'm so familiar with you.
Servan needs its help, but the rest of it, and bubble with bitterness, in the each one of the mystery.
But as you work together, something starts to change, and eventually in "The Adventure of the Six Ballingas"] once Hallas comes in, you wake up all with your solution, I wake up all of you and say, "We're not jealous -- Mr. Hollywoods.
We are proud of you."
And he says there is no person at Scott York who didn't want to hold her hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Halebasts transported in history. It seems very emotional. That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the cells as a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a minute Hollywood is the opposite side of East.
The next minute you're the same side.
Suddenly, Elevato is allowed to admire that idea of being the result.
Could it still be so simple?
What if cells are really a issue of geometry, just a question of where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to tell us from the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the plans of continue.
So while we hope that that happens, we remember that we have the fiction for consuming them.
Only the fiction.
The fiction alone was dominated by the table.
And look at what they got to get -- the sweet Research, the terrifying Tom Rick, the crazy Mary Parking -- the very Mars Project.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo mouse of Apollo 11 and discovered over the Mars of Transparency.
Armstrong and Albath were alone, but their presence in the subway surface was the culmination of a broken collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest movement in peace times in the history of America.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars from today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave a work to about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo program -- 24 men traveled to the moon.
Doctor walked on their surface, from which Albert after death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest one.
So why were they?
They didn't get a lot of break: 83 pounds of old rocks -- and something that the 24 would expand later, a new sense of small and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The clinical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to show the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962, they give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy -- some questions, why the moon is?
Why do we turn it into our goal?
And you could also ask, why would you climb the highest mountain to scale.
Thirty years ago, why flying about the Atlantic?
Why does Rick play Texas?
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Postorium: For the contemporary people, the Apollo wasn't just a rest of the West over the Cold War.
At the time, the stronger emotion was to marvel at the transfer of the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do it.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological trips.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis.
In half of the century, the polio is eradicated and electrouses smallpox.
The technology seemed to have what Alvin Southern in 1970 called a "complex Fortune."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse or a candle ship -- but in 1969, the Apollo 10-year-old transition to 40,000 miles or hour.
Since 1970, no human being has come back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the Apollo 10, and the optimism optimism about the power of technology has been expanded to see that problems that we imagine is going to solve technology to go to Mars, create clean energy, cure cancer, or feeding the world population seems to have been intractable results.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he doesn't look at the escape tube.
I knew that this would be the last moon mission, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that of something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here at TED.
It seems like the technologists would have distributed us and they had enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, apps and social networks, or algorithms that speed up the automated sales.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a paradoxical explanation in Silicon Valley, which means that they've created less ambitious companies than those of the years in which Intel integrated, Microsoft, Apple and Gene.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the cultures, in particular, the incentives that venture capitalists offer entrepreneurs to business.
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment caused the creation of transnational ideas by funding incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their logical point without worrying about the risk, they preferred small investments, tiny investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The CIA has always had problems to invest with benefit in technologies like energy, which need a huge capital and the development of the long term -- they haven't invested in the development of technologies that will solve big problems because they don't have immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes, we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA even designed a plan.
But going to Mars required a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We don't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like sun, wind and biomaterial -- less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than biomaterial.
We want sources of alternative energy that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties increase the development of alternative energy -- mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control from the price of coal.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we will see an energy policy of America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that looked like technology, it turns out not to be.
We know for a long time that females are the result of the failure in the food game.
But 30 years of research have taught us that females are political crisis that affect food distribution.
Technology can improve things like the costs or the systems for storage and food repair -- but there will be famine while there were bad governments.
Finally, the big problems will sometimes fix a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1973, but soon we found that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistant to treatment, and only over the last 10 years seems to have found effective and viable treatments.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be presented: political leaders and population should want to solve the problem, the institutions must support the solution -- it should really be a technological problem, and we should understand it.
The Apollo mission that has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, and it meets those criticisms.
But it's a straightforward model in the future.
We're not in 1963.
There's no garage competition like in the Cold War, there's no policy like John Kennedy who heroin is difficult and dangerous, and there is no popular mythology of science fiction as to explore the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
It was only three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't lack the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by remembering the ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they've become clips of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a record: there's been a great decrease of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is a task. We should recover trust.
I think the record, the goal and the task has been interrupted.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, a goal and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all, why do people think that trust has disappeared?
And if I think about the base of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I was inclined to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions and that could have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can go to the opinion polls and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were discovered 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same disappear.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still pretty relatively, judges, nurses.
The rest is in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost in the middle of the road.
But is this energy enough?
What opinion polls are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask some questions.
Do you trust the politicians in political teachers?
Now, if someone would ask you, "Do the green "state?
Do you trust fishermen in fishermen?
Do you trust the elementary teachers.
And they probably started to ask, "To make what?"
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you've answered your question, "Well, trust some, but in other nonsense."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to deploy trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel like a determined kind of official or functional or kind of person, it's going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, to say I trust a certain primary teacher I know to give you the kind of reading, but in any way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why are we left from side all that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to integrate the good judgment in fact that we trust something or something.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I will pursue for.
I would have more confidence in which it is to deserve trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I am a chance of not trusting what is not reliable.
And I think that those people who lay their savings with the very carefully named Mr. Madria, who then disappeared with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yes, they were too quiet.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Trust belief or negative with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you tell it, you say, yes, it means that what matters in the first place is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What's about doing a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think in order to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competent? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that one person is competitive in permanent materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we will have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But yes, on the contrary, they're not responsible to trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but it doesn't trust them to take a letter to the mail because they are forgot.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very happy to say that I don't have a lot of friends that are comparable and responsible but extremely respected.
If it's like this, I haven't yet noticed me.
But that's what we're looking for.
Trust is the answer.
trustworthiness.
And of course, it's difficult.
In the last decades, we've tried to build accounts of accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, functional and others, that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a piece and said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the paper as a part of it."
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional life, that the accountability system that is destined to ensure trust and transition evidence is actually doing the opposite.
What they do is they do the work of the people who have to do hard tasks, like the parties, let them get the hospitals back to the cases: as we say.
You can all know similar examples.
All that, for the goal.
I think the goal should be more trustworthiness. And that things would be different if we were trying to be worthy of trust and transmitted to the people who are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, functional or political ones are deal with trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple action, the attitudes that don't do properly properly.
Third, the task.
To call the task rebuild trust, puts things backwards.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is distinctive because we are awarded other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive it, usually all people, all the time.
But you also have to make false evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That is done every day, everywhere, doing common people, functions, institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I bought my socks says I can give them back no explanation.
I take them and give me the money, or change them for the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust, and you have confidence in what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think that what we're pointing is not a very difficult thing to do.
What people trust is the relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers we have been striving for reducing the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which imagination can be discovered.
This separation has gone down, increasingly and more, to such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the spinning of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I ask myself, and if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
So first of all, I created this tool that goes into digital space, so that when the strong operations against the screen, it transcends its physical body to the pictures.
Designers can make their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool you break out the barriers.
But the two hands remain still outside the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
And in the discoveries of Physician Sciences, along with my mentor Captain Bobby, redesigned the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
And combining a transparent visit with deep cameras to detect the fingers and the face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is so easy to grab a book from a shelf.
You can bend the book and go through lines or words with the virtual sensor sensor that is down every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands.
In these examples, we went into the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
Surely, many of us will have bought and turned things over the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is a virtual test for the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device in your head or translator when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so we can touch them and feel them?
What would a future look like?
At the MIT Media Lab, with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii, and my collaborator Remed Post, we created this only physical pixel there.
This spherical imam behaves as a 3D pixel in space, which means that both the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Simply, what we did was we put the gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical activity and detector.
And by programming the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and go back to reproduce and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach physically and in distance and the famous name of Michael Jordan, you can reproduce as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the planets movement, physics, and, unlike monopolisms or text books, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not only going to show us something but starting to act directly about us as part of the physical world around us without that we have to get rid of our world.
We started talking today about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that remains is our imagination.
Thank you.
They trained me to become a giant for two years in Huntington, China, in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer me to a school for athletes with all expenses for payments.
But my mother tiger said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become engineering like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believed that there was just a close path towards happiness -- a safe and good job.
No matter whether the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer below.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer must start training from very young to learn the activists, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
Until I wrote to the director of school and the president of a radio program.
But no adults would take the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15, I knew it was too much bigger to train.
My dream would never be done.
It feared that during the rest of my life, a second class happiness was the only thing that I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved for another vocabulary.
No one around me wanted to teach you? Okay.
I turned to books.
"The Stock Companion of Santa Austin Challenged Children's History," I came to America in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about Chinese calling life.
And it's not propaganda. I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a theme for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revolution: "Honey to your father and your mother."
"Honey, I said, "It's so different, and much better than good."
So it became my tool to come out of this confident guilt trap.
I found it with a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit.
A lot of perspectives.
For example, at the beginning, this map seemed to me, because this is what the students in China learn in China.
I had never occurred to me that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Companies is not something new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are up to research camps like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Comparing and hiring -- offering the academic to a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if comparative reading worked to research, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books.
You can deal with people "Beekers Franklin from Walter School from David McLuhandes who were involved in a same happens, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, the temptation are economic, politics and spiritual.
For the Buddha they're all psychological psychologists, lust, fear and social show.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
(The Canyon Trail Thomas Thomas Morth "Paradox Wall-in instead of losing the translation. I found you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that happiness in Chinese literally means "production "like "A."
And "Non-between in Chinese, literally means new mother, Oh.
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know I'm not going to go back to sit alone or powerless ever.
Having a destroyed dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered with.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
It can do that for you.
And it's thanks to books, which today I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So books always get them.
Thank you.
Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first copy of psychotherapy.
I was a medical student in Clinton psychology at Berkeley.
She was a 60-year-old woman named Alex.
Alex came to the first session using cowboy and a cold shoe, and he got on the couch of my office took off the shoes and told me he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so aligned.
My classmates had a pyramid as a first client clip.
And I took a fire that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the jokes that Alex brought to the sessions, I was easy just to move the head while we went back to the solution.
"The text is the new pieces, he said Alex and so I saw, she was right.
You start working afterwards, you get home after that, you have children later, until the death happens later.
To the plants like Alex and I had time.
But soon after, my supermarket pushed me to press Alex to talk about his loved life.
I was resist.
I said, "Sure." He's coming up with guys under his category -- he sits with a hollow head, but it's not like it was to marry him."
And then my supermarket said, "Not yet, but maybe it's married with the next one.
In addition, the best moment to work in the Alzheimer's marriage is before it gets married.
This is what psychologists call a moment "A."
It was when I realized that the 30 are not the new 2010.
Yes, people feel head after what they used to do, but this didn't make the '80s in their development.
This made the 20th of Alex were the perfect moment and we were wasting it.
So I realized, that this kind of benign denial was a real problem and it had real consequences, not only for Alex and his loving life, but for the careers, the families and the future of the video from everywhere.
There are 50 million hectares in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider that no one comes to adulthood.
Raise your hand if you're in your 2010.
I want to see the videos here.
Oh, yeah. They're amazing.
If you work with a pilot, you love a piece, you remove your dream a pile, I want to see. Incredible.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments and moments that give shape to your life will have happened for when you have 30 and so on.
People from over 40 -- they don't get in panic.
This audience is going to be okay, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on how much money they will win.
We know that over half of Americans are married, or they're coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and last growth stage in its 20s and replaces for adults, which means that if there's something that you want to change themselves, now it's the moment to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 2010 than at any time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to their tape at the age of 28 and things become complicated at 35 a.m.
The 20 are the time to educate on their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment where your daily and common life has an impact on the person that will become you.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development, and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the parts are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes on the time of adulthood.
The researchers call the 20th an extended adolescence.
The journalists are given ridiculous names to the video little people like "The Tribes and Hills."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a tradition which is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernard said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you pat a piece on your head and say, "You have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and nothing happens absolutely nothing.
And then every day, self-assembly smart, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count. I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "Everybody says that as you start a career before the 30, everything will be right."
But then it starts to sound like this: "My 20s are to end up and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better curved the day I graduated from university.
And then you start sound like this: "My dates during the 20 were like the chair game.
They all run and fun, but then at some point around the top, it turned out the music and everybody started sitting down.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stay stop, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30."
Where are the pieces here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but they don't get wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there's a huge pressure to the text and so many of you to start a career, choose a city, choose a couple, and have two or three children in a much shorter period of time.
Many of these things are not compatible -- and there are research that starts to show you, which is much more difficult and strong to do everything from the 30s.
The media crisis crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
Realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give a brother to your son.
A lot of trains and loves look at themselves, and I sit in the room, and they talk about their 2010, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the particles are doing and thinking.
Here is a story about how it might be.
It's a story about a woman named Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because he was in his own words, having an identity.
He said he would like to work in art or entertainment, but he still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a meme.
As it was cheaper I lived with a boyfriend that showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite living a few very difficult lives, their previous life had been even harder.
He cried often in our sessions, but then she would get himself to say, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma came up with his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new book for director, and he had spent the entire morning with his many contacts, but then he was looking at the empty space that followed after the words in case, "Please call me a fact."
He was at the point of the story when he saw me and he said, "Who is going to be for me if I have an authoritarian accident?
Who is going to care if I get cancer?
At that time, I got a lot of work to resist and not say, "I mean."
What Emma needed was not a therapist that really cares about.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew that this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as I just sat while the decade of Emma was happening in front of it.
So for the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that everything with me, man or woman, deserves to know.
First of all, I told Emma to forget about that identity crisis and get identity capital.
For identity capital, I mean doing something that adds value to its person.
Doing something that is an investment in what you want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emma career, and nobody knows the future of the work, but I know this: identity capital generates identity.
So now it's the moment for that other side of the country, of that internal company that you want to test.
I'm not declining the exploration, I'm declining the exploration that I shouldn't tell you, that by the way, it's not exploration.
It's processing.
I told Emma that I would explore jobs and make them tell you.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are substantially.
The best friends are excellent to bring to the airport -- but the percent that together with friends with similar minds are limited by who they know, what they know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital -- that new person who will go out almost always comes from outside the nearest circle.
The new things come from what they're called weak friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the pills have a bad job, or they don't have work.
But the other half no, and the weak links are the way of color to this group.
Half of the jobs created never published, then knowing the boss of your neighbor is how you get a non-standard job.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not least, Emmanuel believed that you don't choose your family, but you know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a flat, Emma would soon choose to choose his family, when he has a partner and his own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that 30 is better to feel head than 20 or even 25 and agree with you.
But choosing the person that you live right now or you are right now when everyone in Facebook starts walking towards the high is not progress.
The best moment to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that means being as intentional in love as you're at work.
You can choose your family to be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or killing time with whoever it is that you choose them.
So what happened with Emma?
Well, we went through that direction, and she found the roommate four of a cousin that worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That job supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend with which he lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organized organized organization.
This married with a man who chose constantly.
I love his new career, love his new family, and I sent a letter that said, "Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough.
Emma story can sound easy, but that's what I love working with from the video.
It's very easy to help them.
The pictures are like planes coming out of the Los Angeles of Los Angeles, which go somewhere from the west.
Just before the spark, a slight attack in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fish.
In the same way, at the age of 21, to 25 and even the 29, a good conversation, a good desk, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next few years or even in the next generations.
Here's my idea worthy of spreading all the penguins that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell you.
It's what I have now the privilege of telling you about the Emite every day, and the territories are not the new 20s, they need their adult, they get identity capital, they use their family links, they choose your family.
They don't let them define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job for a job that was even more emerged: the doctor.
I went to teach them mathematics to seventh students in New York public schools.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and tests.
I give you tasks.
When the work came back, I would calculate the grades.
What I called the attention was that the I.Q. was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the people who had a better performance had no plants from I.Q.
Some of my smartest kids weren't going so well.
And that started to think.
The kind of things that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade, sure, are difficult, proportion, declines, the area of a paradoxical.
But these concepts are not impossible and very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they were working hard and during enough time.
After several years more discovery, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure the better way.
Is the C. but what if being successful in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn in a fast and easy way?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychology.
I started studying kids and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who is successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the military Academy West Point.
We tried to predict what the hell would remain in military training and who would come back.
We went to the December National Constitute, and we tried to predict what children are going to move as far as possible.
We study novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, wondering what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the school year and those of those who will be the most effective to improve the results of their students' learning?
We associate with private companies, asking questions, which of these marketers are going to keep their job post?
and who is going to make more money?
In all those very different context, it emerged a feature as an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, physical health, and it wasn't I.Q.
It was determination.
The determination is passion and perseverance.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is clinging to its future, day after day, not only for the week, not just for the month, but for years and really hard to do that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a career at all.
A few years ago, I started studying determination in public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students to do my determination questionnaires and then wait for about a year to see who was graduated.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater likely to graduate even when I caught them in every characteristic that I could measure, things like family income, the results of the standardized tests, even the security that kids felt when they were in school.
So not only is we in West Point or at the National Council of Delta where the detection matters -- it's also in school, especially for children at risk to abandon it.
The most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, the little thing that knows science about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do we develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a solid work of work?
How do I keep them for the long piece?
The most honest answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that the talent doesn't give them determination to them.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of talented individuals who simply don't continue to go ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the determinet is commonly related or even related to talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing determination in children is something called growth mental."
This is a developed idea at Stanford University by Carol Dorkhought, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not similar, that it can change with the effort.
Dr. Dohar has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grows in response to challenge, they're much more likely to perceive when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop detail.
But we need more.
And that's where I finish my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have on the front.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger institutions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they have been successful and we need to be willing to fail, to wrong, to start everything again with the lessons learning.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as the daughter of a calculator, one of my most crowded memories is my mother showing me the beauty, the form and the figure of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an oxygen, it seems as unpredictable as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can throw this wall, so that I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and fast method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the traces of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Because we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic allegation.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read transit signals, restaurants of restaurants understand the basic idea of the Web pages or the newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
Open your mouth as much as you can even be square.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
Person.
If the form of fire is a person with arms on both sides -- as if I were screaming in a fresh way, "Beautiful -- I'm burning -- this symbol is actually original in the form of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors of a song in the old west.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks so they think many more characters.
A person.
If someone walks back, that's going to stay."
As the ancient said, two are company, three are crowd.
If one person would hold their arms, this person is saying, "It was this big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is caught up.
It's a prisoner like Jonas inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, have the cents.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a identical identical."  Easy to remember, because a parallel tree is pretty idiot.
Remember the fire?
Two fire together, it becomes very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that is to burn it.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, properly.
Three together, those are blocks.
Put the sun and the moon back together, that's the bright.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and one night.
The sun comes out of the horizon. Man.
A door. Put a table inside the door, is the door of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
He said, "Is there anybody at home?
This person is coming out hidden from a door, staying up, evangelized.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, they have care is adult.
So we've already gone through almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical traditions will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with each little effort, they will be able to learn a couple hundred characters -- which is the same as an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a mountain of fire. It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east of China.
So a sun next to the origin -- we create Japan.
A person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains attached one over the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile. Because Chinese entrepreneurs were destroying their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, exile.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a story.
This is a slide to remind me that I have to stop talking and down the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be Dad is the films I come to see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Open magician together.
The movie mastered their imagination for months.
His favorite character was Genetic, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic variable.
But when you see that movie so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in a kind of industrial complex of child show.
Yet the magician of Oz was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took place for years later on, interestingly, another film whose protections, a metal boy and a military kid rescued a girl dressed as an enemy guard.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there's a couple of big differences between the Oz magician and all the films that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Magazi of Old.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the arms.
But I think if the magician of Oz was done today, the magician would say, Doran, you're the saving of Oz as the prophecy.
You use magical shoes to defeat the male computer-generated armies of the brain brain.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about the Oz magician is that the most heroic characters and wise and even villages are women.
I started noticing this when I did Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
Only three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the survival level had gone down.  So he stood up in the room and she was impressed as a mom later with his patterns behind, and I didn't think he understood what was going on, but inevitably, he absorbs everything.
I wonder what it perceive.
Would they be value issues, perseverance.
Would you have the feeling that Luke is an army to defeat the government?
Let's compare this with the Open March of Open.
How do you win Doran your movie?
And doing good friends with all and being a leader.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow up with, okay? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital F force for our children, and so little of the path of yellow bars?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stable.
I know for experience that the Leigh princess doesn't provide the right framework that would have served me to navigate the world of adults that is tiny.  I think at the time of the first kiss I really hoped that the credit of the crimes started to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My quest has done, I have a girlfriend.
Why are they standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The films are focused on defeat the villain and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost as if you're a kid, you have to be a silly animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are a lot of exceptions, and to defend the principles of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to kids, even though they, the boys, are not really their objective public.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the pathologists, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the pattern.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our kids, as real and lovely like Mers and Katrina, but they don't stop being a war movies.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues to appear in classical after classic -- each of them on the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who are a girl who was a girl.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, I finally came out of Valuini.
I recommend all of you. It's already available in stores.
Do you remember what the critic said when Valentine?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie from a principle.
It's very good. Don't let it stop them."
Well, almost none of these films pass the Beckle test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't been raised and spread up, but maybe today we'll start a movement.
Alice Beck is a drawing of comics, and in the middle 1980s, I recorded a conversation that I had with a friend of the evaluation of the films that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that must be done, in the movie, there is more than a female character that has lines?
So you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talking to each other at some point in the movie?
Your conversations are about something more than the kid than you like it?  All right? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
I have seen it, and yet very quickly I see it in the cinema that we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality, Arabic.
Right? Rumbers of Oscar, a concern idea of what a Hollywood movie is of quality.
The Beckle test.
And I don't think I should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in an ambassador where men and women hide during the crimes of the regions.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep conversations and painful conversations on this hiding -- and it's the great moment for one of the attractions to take a look at the door and say, "Are you going to bed, horizontal you."
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at numbers.
In 2011, from the most popular movies, how many of them think they have female protection?
Okay. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's fine.
But there's a bigger number than this one who's going to do this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted once in their life.
I don't think it's the blame of mass entertainment.
I don't think the films for children have something to do with that.
I don't think that music videos or pornography. They're closely linked -- but something wrong and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is that there is a lot of sexual aggressives.
Who are those kinds? What are those guys?
What do they do not learn?
Are you looking at the story that says the role of a male hero is to defeat the village with violence, and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk?
Are we assisting that story?
You know, as a parent with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal as a power property, and we expect that to help, but I have to ask you, but I have to ask you to do the power to protect you, at the same time, are we educating our children to keep their male power to keep their male?
I mean, I think Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I mostly mean parents.
I think we have to show our kids a new definition of shoulder.
The definition of masculinity is radically changing.
You've read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the wireless.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter, what was his favorite character from "Star Wars know what he responded to?
Obama.
Obama King and Glander.
What are these two thousand?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those films that you know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They are leaders.
I like those kinds of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories where my son is told, and I see and fight only and more stories where his job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, to help other people better and be better people, like the Open Mage.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked most was to look for sea cookies, because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered with sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I was used to looking for them.
I began to see shapes and patterns helped me collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love of the past and architecture.
And finally when I started studying Egypt, I realized to see with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 2,000 miles of length alongside the Nino.
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew it had to do otherwise differently.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use the infrared increase.
This is a place that was located in the eastern front of Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, in the simple view, seems to be brown -- but when we use the infrared and we process it using false color, suddenly the place looks like a bright pink room.
What you're seeing is the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by construction materials and the activities of ancient Egyptian.
I want to share with you how we have used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Italia, lost for thousands of years.
Italy was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in El Facebook, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that It was located somewhere near the pyramid of the two kings that built them in the middle of the red circles here, but somewhere inside this huge rain plant.
This area is enormous, it measures about 6.5 miles per mile.
Before, the Nile flush right next to Italia and as he changed over time, he moved into the east, and he covered all the city.
So how do you find a super-facing city in an extensive landscape?
So trying to find it at random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves, using baseball eyes.
So we use NASA software data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the Nino flows.
But you can see more detailed, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, that we think it could be the location of Italia.
So we collaborated with the Egyptian scientists doing show jobs, you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like shows of sample in ice, but instead of layers of climate change, we look for human occupation layers.
Five meters down, under a thick thick layer -- we found a dense layer of certain choices.
This means that in this possible location of Italy, five feet down, we have a layer of occupation of several hundred years that date from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we think is Italy.
We also found work jobs -- correlation, fourth and cat, which shows that there was a jewelry shop.
This might seem like it's not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the jewelry of the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that is the Middle empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry shop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find It here, but we will go back to the place in a nearby future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology, so they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably written at Italy 4,000 years ago.
sharing knowledge is the biggest of all vocabulary.
There's nothing like that on the ground.
So apparently TED was not founded in 1984 B.C.
So make ideas happen really started in 1984 to C in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search for marine coast in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside the door of the house.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that it's made.
Now visualizing a group of obese obsolete books.
They are competing in a bicycle nutrient race and they're going to address their entry door.
I need you to see this true.
They're drinking strong, they're subsidizing, they go a lot.
And they collide from front of their house.
There are bicycles flying everywhere, wheels that pass on its side, rays of the wheels that end up in advanced places, spend the door of the door.
In the lobby, the hall, or whatever the other side of the door, and watch the quality of light, the shine light on the Malescord Monterey.
It's waving them.
From his chair on a brown horse.
It's a horse that speaks to you.
You can feel your blue ball by making it short in the nose.
You can smell the sand cookie and pass that is about to get into the mouth.
They go on one side and they enter their living room.
In the room, and making use of his imagination, imagine Britney Sarahous.
He's with a little bit of clothes, dancing on his center message, singing Hitler One Bord Time."
Now tell me to the kitchen.
The ground has been covered with a path of yellow brick bars, and from the oven they come to you Dorange, the Jack of Pharama, the Spanish and the Lean of "The Wizard of Open, shooting to you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that is conducted every spring in New York.
It's called the Membrant Membrank "Camera Memorial."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting for me, I suppose, that this was like the end of a supermarket sabaton.
There were several men and a few different ages of different ages and different hygiene.
They were measuring hundreds of random numbers, looking at them just once.
They memorized the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorized entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize the higher order the order of a car cartoon.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people must be nature of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best trained memories.
I said, "Do, when you realized you were a kind?
Ed said, "I'm not a wise guy.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everybody who participated from this competition say they have normal memory.
We have trained us to perform these miraculous memory acts using ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that Chicago used to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books.
And my reaction was, "Wow, how did I have never heard about this before?
We were standing outside the competition room, and Ed -- who is a wonderful and brilliant English, although a little bit excited, he said, "John: you're an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Spaces?
And I said, "What? No, why?
Because I would like to teach Britney Sarah to memorize order in a live chain cartoon, on national television.
That would test the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britney Springs, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start by something not?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory, but also research, trying to understand how it works, why it sometimes doesn't work and what their potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man named E.D.
He's amazing, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that he didn't even remember that he had a memory problem, it's amazing.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allows us to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Penet.
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, measuring phone guides -- it was centralize.
And when you come back, I read a number of treaties about the memory written about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in Antarctica, and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time where this idea of having trained memory, disciplined and culture was not such a rare thing as it can seem like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, and they are going to be distracted by their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they also have changed us.
They have changed us, and I would say that they have changed us too.
As we almost don't need to remember, sometimes it seems like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where people are still passionate about this idea of a trained memory, disciplined and culture is this very unique competition of memory.
It's actually not quite simple. There are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers at the University College in London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
You wanted to know: Do you have brains in some ways, structural or closely different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they smarter than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they compared to.
When they put them in a magnetic MRI machine, they scan their brains as they memorize numbers, faces and forms of snow costs. They found that in memory champions were lit up parts of the brain, different to others.
In effect, they used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space and navigation memory.
Why? Is there something we could learn from this?
The top of competitive memory is driven as an armed career where each year comes up with a new way of remembering more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors should be put a day.
This is my friend Ben Prince, three times camp camp.
In his desk in front of him, there are 36 shuffle cartoons that he is about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and just dominated.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 440 random binary digits.
And in half an hour. Yeah.
And while there's a lot of ways to remember things in these competition, absolutely all techniques used at the end of the end of a single concept that psychologists call electrical concept."
It illustrates with a parallel paradox known as the Parkinson's paradox -- "Baby says, "I say to two people who remember the same word. I tell you to you. Remember there's a man called Bakaminian."
That's his spill.
And then I ask you, remember, there's a baby -- "Stepher."
And when I come back later, and I ask them, "Do you remember that word that I told you a rate?
Remember what it was?
The person who was told that their name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who was told that their job is bad.
Same word, different memory capacity. That's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Bakardi, it doesn't really mean anything for you.
With all the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word, baby -- we know waters.
They use a little white hat.
They have handless in their hands.
They smell well when they come home to work.
We probably know some panel.
And when we first heard that word for the first time, we started putting analogies on the first time, and we started putting them in a very early moment.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is a 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the palm of memory."
The story says this: There was a poet called Simon Simpsons who attended a bank.
They had hired it as an entertainment, because before, if I wanted to give a very good party, he didn't get a DJK, he hired a poet.
He stood up, he got his memory poem, and he died, and so soon he was, the bank of the bank collapsed out.
living to everyone.
But not only killed them all, but destroyed bodies by leaving them surprising.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting there.
So you couldn't bury your bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Simonas, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble -- closed your eyes and realized that with your eyes in your mind, I could see where I had been sitting on every single winter.
He took the family in the hand by bringing them where their loved ones were loved among the rubble.
What sounds absorbed at that moment is something that we all know about more or less intuitively, and it is that no matter if we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions of our colleagues, we have visual memory and space memory.
If you ask me to be reminded the first 10 words of history that I just told you about Similatorial, it's very likely to do it very hard to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask you to say who was sitting on the brown horse horse in his lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the palm of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember with the more crazy, which the more crazy weight, fresh, free, spinning and personality is the image, more available to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first set of memory treatments, in Latin.
And how does it work?
Let's say you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to do it from memory, the same way that you would have done it if you had invited it to TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're in your door in your house.
And to figure out some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and wildlife image to help them remember that the first thing they want to mention is that completely instabling competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and you can see the Month of the Galapagos mounted on Mississippi Ed.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Coo.
And then you would see Britney Sarah to remind remind you that funny anecdote you want to count.
And then they went into the kitchen, and the fourth issue that they talked about would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how Roman speakers memorize their speeches -- not word for word, which is going to confuse them, but typical by typical.
In fact, the term typical term comes from the Greek Grandmother, which means "place."
It's a vessel of when people thought about the orchestra and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase "in the first place, would be like the first place in its memory palace.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I got out of it.
I went to some of these memory competition, and I had the idea of writing something extensive about this superconductor of competitive memories.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a mathematically boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting sitting with exams. I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets married the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to get it in place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem -- or the names of an ancient school announcement bought in a market market.
And I discovered that this was incredibly entertaining.
I had never expected it to be.
It was entertainment, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What is actually trying to do is to improve more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, circuits, productive, instabilities, armed and lovely lovers, in the eye of mind.
I got pretty excited about this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a couple of ears and a few security glasses covered with a tape leaving only two holes, because the distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year earlier. I had the idea that I could go in, in a kind of participatory personality experiment.
I thought this could serve for good intelligence for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the contest -- something that didn't have to happen.
It's nice to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and shopping lists but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on very basic principles about how the brain works.
And it doesn't need to be built to build the memories of memory or memorize charts of children, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it would be an innate god, but it's not the case.
Big memories are educated.
The most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we are deeply focused on.
The memory palace -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even really storaged.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing -- a whole kind of attention that most of us don't even exercise over there.
But the reality is that there is no shortcuts.
This is how things do memories.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today is what I Evergence, the amazing that I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what our short existence is already lost in the Blackberry or iPhones, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walks on our side. Are we so huge that we don't even bother to process deep in profound?
I learned from first hand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you have to be the kind of person that remember remembering remember.
Thank you.
Today I'll talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we will take a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I am from N. Jerry, I was six years old, and I lived there at my parents in a village called Lincoln, and this was my child bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom shared with my sister.
And in my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a battery that gave the living room.
And then they all spent the challenge looking at the TV, so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everybody saw me -- and every time I was left and I was wrapped back into a towel -- everybody saw me.
And I was like this.
It was too awkward and I hated it.
He hated that journey, hated that ball, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings that I felt, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about math, no zones of zones, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places we use.
And it's not surprising that we sit in that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
I mean, 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways we don't even notice.
That makes us a little naive. And very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what I worry about: "They think of power, stability and democracy.
And I know that you think about it by based on a building built 2,500 years ago for the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a destination that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a very, very long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable soldiers, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build -- producers and governments are always afraid to innovation, and they prefer to use ways they know they're going to work.
That's why we find buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Liberia Public Library that was finished in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, he has a pilot -- he has this round thing, columns -- the red bank, that let us come up with this building -- the kids, the property values, the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library of today.
That same year in 2004, on the other side of the country, another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both called libraries, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the beginning of the painting.
On one side there is innovation -- architects that are constantly pushing new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for today's forms of life.
We drive, we push and push so much, that we get completely away from people.
All of the black -- this depressed us. You think we feel very good, but we're dead on the inside because we don't have another choice.
We have to go on the other side and connect with those appreciated symbols.
So we do that, and we are all happy, but we feel like translators, so we start to experiment again, we do analogy from back to forward, over and over again. So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago we came out of the '70s.
Architects were busy experimenting with the brilliant called "Brain called Brazil."
It has to do with the concrete.
You can guess.
Small windows.
Something really hard.
So we went back to the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We put the pin back in the other direction.
We take those forms that we know like and we update them.
We added the needles and we added cake and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't get obsession.
We took Charles arms and we turned them into skyscrapers that can be mechanical caps made of glass.
The shapes were added, they won in audacity and color.
The wings turned into columns.
The songs grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But it was the 1980s, that was great.
We all spent the rate in commercial centers, we moved to neighborhoods, and there in suburbia we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean, to the French or the Italian.
And possibly with a little bit of bread.
This is what happens with posting.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we get memories of other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Tanzania.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated and we started making the pin back in the other direction.
In the early '80s, in the early '90s, we started experimenting with the decorative so-called decoration.
We dismiss historical symbols now with new computer design techniques, and we find new composition -- some ways that are crashing against other forms.
This is academic and starving, and it's super impossible. You stay totally excluded.
Normally, the main painting again in opposite direction.
But then something surprising happened.
In 1997, this building.
This is the Bill of Bilbao.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Gore said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics and academic and public in general, they were completely according to a building.
The New York Times was rating this miracle building.
The tourism in Bilbao went into a 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cliff, Spring.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms, wild and radical ways, how is it possible that they become ubiquitous all over the world?
And it happened, because the media was good around them, and we quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourist.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same did the main mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourist.
This phenomenon of beginning of the new millennia happened with other star architects.
I happened to Zahar and Liberia, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually began to happen with all of architecture, digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
You think, for example, how they consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walked up to the next town to see a building.
Transportation comes over -- you can take a boat, an airplane, you can be tourists.
Technology accelerates -- you can see in the newspapers, on TV, and at the end, we are all architecture photographer, and the building is transported beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere now, that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not a lot of time to think about a building.
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more buildings, before you know if the one that I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture.
This is how we find buildings like this.
The British was not a two-year-old movement.
And for 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they were.
That's never going to happen. I think we are in the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of ant or steel or asset, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the pollen to media media, it starts to grow faster and faster, until you're in both extremes almost in the simulation, and you have effectively developed the difference between innovation and symbols, between us, the architects, and you -- the public.
Now we can make almost instant symbols -- with emotional charge, something completely new.
Let me show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that went on.
This is the center of a village called Pinanam Island, in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building, was already part of the community, and how drawings looked exactly the end product, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community -- that first summer, when people began to get and shared it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, it became a media, because these are not just images of a building, they're the images that you did from the building.
And as you use it to tell your story, you become part of the personal narrative -- and that makes surgery with collective memory, and when you charge these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell each other what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but have changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about a second in those Library of Liberia.
If that building was built today, first we went to the Internet looking for new library."
We would be bombarded with examples of experiments, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's monogais.
Monkeys that can lead to the mayor of Library, to people in Liberia, and tell them that there's no unique answer to what a library can be today.
We're part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives freedom to experience.
It's all different now.
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use grandmother words and complicated drawings -- and you are no longer a dead audience that doesn't accept something that I haven't seen before.
The architects can listen to, and you don't let you engage by architecture.
That means that the masterpiece of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find proper solutions to the problems that society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings in tomorrow will be very different from today's buildings.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Seagan can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that an stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick in ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that a few robots will be able to build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the ways they're going to produce.
That means that buildings love the whims of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for yoga or even you can marry in the night.
This means that three architects can dream in the East River in New York, and raise half a million dollars from the community together in the verge of that cause, it's no longer a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little barrier of breakfast, as musical and fun as the animals you're going to look at.
Because no longer matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
Architects already know how to do more ecological buildings, smarter and more kind.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not on opposite side.
They find an architect and put it together and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they give way to the smallest spaces, local libraries -- the homes where we form our children, and the step of the drivers to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Shake.
He just turned a year and started walking.
And it does this that cool way, typical of the children in a year, stimaching as if your body was moving too fast for your legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that likes to do for the moment is to look in the mirror.
She really loves his reflection actually.
It's laughing and chip, and it gives itself those big and feet bases.
It's beautiful.
And apparently, all of your friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and it made me think, "When about doing this?
How are we suddenly not about our approach?
Because apparently we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people look for Google -- "Am I fair?
This is Farm, it's 13 years old and lives in Denevin.
And as any teenager just wants to be dear and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It's a little bit scary. It's a little bit confused because, even though his mom tells him all the thing that's beautiful, every day in school, someone says it is ugly.
Between what his mom tells him and what his friends or fellow friends say, doesn't know who to believe.
So he makes a video of her own, publishes it on YouTube, and he asks others to please leave a comment, "Am I nice or fair?
Well, so far, Farm has received over 13,000 comment.
Some of these are so disabled, that it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy and normal teenager, which gets these answers in one of the most vulnerable life stages.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it doing to do this?
Well, today's teenagers are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, chatting me, giving me like, "I like to like, committing, purpose, publishing, this never ends.
We have never been so connected before, continuously in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother said, "It's kind of a party in your fourth every night.
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from the hand with that are inspired.
This environment, to be always connected, is adding our kids to automatically stream out in the number of "I like you have and the kinds of comments that you get.
There is no division between a online life and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what it is.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what is authentic and what's mainly manipulated in digitally.
What is the most detailed thing in the life of someone in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration for?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are taken from the news of girls now.
Central stem models continue to dominate our steps.
The technique of the search is now a routine now.
And trends like "Statistic," Thaefastia, Galian and Persis.
For those of you who know it, it makes it profound.
These trends are associated from women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are compared to.
But kids are not immune to this.
It's like the super-taped stars of the sports and the robotic singers of the sports.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our children to grow healthy and be very balanced individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, the price of all the other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and other aspects begin to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see the good enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as contribute to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class debates -- they avoid to participate in classrooms because they don't want to call the attention for their physical appearance.
One in five are not attending classes at all during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the test season, if you don't think you see you good enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough -- you will get a lower note to the average of your peers who don't care about that of appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland and the United States and China.
And it goes regardless of what they actually weigh these young.
So it's very clear, so we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on your body is distributing academic performance.
And it's also driving health.
Teenagers with little self-esteem do less physical activity, eat less fruit and vegetables, participate in more healthy diet than they can take them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by people around them and they're at greater risk of depression.
And we think that's all about what they make more risky decisions, like alcohol consumption and drug consumption, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early and without protection and automatic damage.
The search of the perfect body is preserving the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have a support again, regardless of whether they have or they don't have any more antibiotic rates.
17 percent of women don't present to a job interview in a day where they don't feel safe with the way they see.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity?
Liberal this potential is from interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking about it, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes, the first one is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We need to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of good programs were interested in, without realizing the situation.
So we should make sure that the program that our children follow is not only going to have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas, the first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are crucial points for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental but facing this problem requires each of us that we take the risks on the issue and be a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives.
It's challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to count with the contribution of our politicians in hair cuts or the size of their chest, or inspired that the determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start to judge people for what they are, not as they look like.
All of us can start by doing it by assuming responsibility for the kinds of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you -- when was the last time you had a mirror.
In short, we have to work together as communities, like governments and as businesses, to really change our culture, so that our children grow up valuing their entire person, valuing the individual, diversity, inclusion include.
We have to put people who are actually making the difference in a penguin.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make them be the ones that come out on the big screen because we will only create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they believe that they can never get them from being who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who have in mind?
Is it a wife?
Is it your sister.
Was his daughter daughter?
Are you going to drink? Is your friend?
It could just be the woman who is at two seats away. What would it mean for her if he was released from that authoritarian voice inside his interior, who was terrified for no legs long, more thin moments, a more flat mother, smaller feet smaller?
What would it mean for her if we threw this up and we would say it leads to their potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with the images is holding us all.
But let's teach our children the truth.
We teach them that the way you see is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is we love them for those who are and what they do, and because they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each one of us, the way we talk and we compare to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small trails of an age of age, become agents of safe change agents themselves.
Let's do that.
On November five of 1990, a gentleman named Alzheimer's Netsrot But entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Rabbi Mars Karamaya, the leader of the Department of Defense Judge.
We were initially declared by the innocent decorate, but being released by other minor charges, in other company, started planning attacks to about 12 New York City, including tunas, synthetic and the United Nations.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by a favorite of the FBI.
Sadly, the 1996 bomb in the World Trade Center, couldn't avoid it.
Later to Beli would be convicted of their participation in that attack.
Alzheimer's Money Nead is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being an Egyptian engineer, with a love American mother, a primary school teacher. The two did all the possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, that very few, including most Muslims -- come to know.
By experience I saw that when people take time to interact -- it doesn't require a lot to get to desire the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in every human group, there is always a small fraction of people who are rooted so available to their convictions that think that we have to use all the media that they all live like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat with me and explained to me that in the last weekends, he and some friends, they had been going to sleep training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the Poland Coal Pollen, which, without knowing our group, was visited by the FBI.
When I was happy to take, my father helped me hold the rifle.
That day, with the last bullet that I shot him to the little orange light on the goal and for all of a surprise of all -- especially me, the whole goal in flames.
My uncle went back to the other and in Arabic, said "Band August."
From such a father, as a child.
All the comments were a lot of laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted to put a loaded van with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and hydrogen to another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them "marriage," which means you.
When I was 19, I had already moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do a lot of microscopes.
Every time I started feeling comfortable close to someone was already time to break and go to another city.
As it was always the new face of the class often was a market victim.
He would preserve my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of the class, quiet and repertoire, it was enough monument.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons I didn't develop social skills, to say it softly -- to grow up under family, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
They educate me to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that put my way to think was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a university program I participated in the June National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the subject of juvenile violence, as I had been a victim of a marriage almost all my life, was something I felt so much passion.
The members of this group came from different backgrounds.
One day, towards the end of the convention -- I discovered that one of the kids who had been done with friendship was Jewish.
It took several days to go to light this detail and realized that there was no ancestor between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend before, and frankly, I felt very proud to have been able to beat the barrier that all of life had made me believe it was incaping.
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens, a park of fun.
I met people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in developing my character.
All of life had taught me that the homosexuality was a sin and by extension, all of the homosexuality was bad influence.
By chance, I had the opportunity to work with homosexual actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most nice ones that I had seen in life.
Having been accused of children, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat friendly people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
So for that feeling I could contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a kid, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is to be homogeneous, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then came the Daily Show."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me incredibly honest about my integrations, and he helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with the character.
In many ways, he became my pattern figure in a moment where I was desperately needed by it.
In occasion, inspiration can come from the unexpected thing, and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremely, was not a vacuum.
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that was going to keep my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who's suffered enough with endless domains and said, "I'm tired of ordering."
At that time, I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all of that hatred in your inside.
My real name is not Zachile Einstein.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why decided I decided to go out and put myself in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope somebody is trying to take violence, I can hear my story and understand that there is a better way -- than even though I was told to this violent and intelligent ideology I didn't get a fan to me.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against pressures.
I do it for the victims of terrorism, and for their loved ones, for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism.
With this simple expose to me here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow the pathways of their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Right now, there's a film that is projected in its minds.
It's an incredible multi-dimensional movie.
It's in 3D and it has suicide sound of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has analysis, taste and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood that are projected to your eyes.
And it's constantly a voice on your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie are you who experience everything in right.
This film is your collapse of consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of human being.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie, and you and you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a conscious consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware -- nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal movies.
Why are we not just robots that are processing what we receive to produce results without experiencing the inner movie in the inner movie in the inner movie in the inner movie of the inner movie of the inner film of the inner movie of the inner movie of it?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
It suggests that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible for a science of consciousness.
The science, by nature, is objective.
Consciousness by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because during most of the 20th century, I predicted that vision.
The psychology was studying the behavior objectively -- neuroscience studied the brain objectively but never nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
After 20 years ago, everything began to change.
North there like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pennsylvania said, "Now it's the moment for science to apply consciousness."
And since then, there was a real explosion -- a science of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental constraints until the moment.
The center of the science of consciousness in recent years was the pursuit of correlations, corruptions between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kandari presented a few minutes ago.
We now understand a lot better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of correlations.
It's not an explanation science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experience, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain that by saying that this kind of neuroscience of neuroscience responds some questions that we want it to explain consciousness -- the questions about what certain areas of the brain do and with what they correlate.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
It's not going to offend neuroscience.
There are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I don't tackle the real central mystery of this matter, why all physical process in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is a sub-Saharan infrastructure?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's take a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like storytelling, like humanities, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical curves are all cases of emergent behaviors, how the struggles operate -- how the hurricane works, how they reproduce and adapt and metabolize living organisms -- all are questions about objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon. How we walk, how we talk, how we play chess -- all of them are questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, questions about behavior are among easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of emergence -- the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a scientific heart material.
I want a scientific theory of the authority that works, for a long time, hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But in the end, I got to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we are at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations, great. We used to this: physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit on this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we're conscious.
For another, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific vision of the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is a kind of anomaly -- something that we need to integrate our vision of the world, but we don't know how we still know how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that initially seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennect, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there isn't such a hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the inner subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you have to do is explain the objective functions -- the behaviors of the brain, and you study everything that needs explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a purely reduction theory, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply denied that the observation of consciousness is satisfaction.
But I am in a different direction.
In time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promotes.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe like fundamental basketballs, space and time and mass.
They spend fundamental laws that govern them, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties are not explained in terms of nothing more basic.
On the contrary, they considered fundamental ones, and that's where the world is constructed.
Sometimes, the list of the fundamental thing is on fire.
In the 19th century, Mahamara discovered that you can't explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts -- space, space, mass, Newton laws, so I put the basic laws of electronics, and I put electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws government.
I think that's the situation that we find about consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, charge, then for a matter of logic, you have to alert the list.
The most natural thing would be to push consciousness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens up the path to scan it scientifically.
So what we need is to study fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say we want fundamental laws so simple that we can tear them on a memory.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can tear them on a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called a passionate, "Pan for All, "Picking, by mind, every system is conscious -- not only humans -- the dogs, the mice, the flies, even the microbes of Rob Kanka, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or think.
It's not that a picture can be full of distress when he thinks of "Hey, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow up and smell the robots."
No, so no.
But the thought is that maybe photons can have some element of raw feeling, subjective sense, a primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy.
How do you think something so low?
And part of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is critical.
If it's fundamental as space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like the others.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems to us, it's much less for the different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to thinking with physical process, is linking awareness with information.
Whenever there is information processing, there's consciousness.
Complex information processing, like in a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years a neuroscience, Girl Tony took this kind of theory and developed it rigorous with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information, which is called a piece, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And I assume it has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration -- a high degree of painting, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is an average degree of information integration -- quite significant, degree of very important consciousness.
But when you get to the worms, microbes, particles -- the stage of the stop says.
The level of information of information is lower, but it's not zero either.
In Tony theory, there will be a level of consciousness different from zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of point, high degree of consciousness.
In addition, another reason is that prostation can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
Physics and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk to us about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where is the fire of equations?
From the sack vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire.
In that vision, consciousness doesn't find out of the physical world as a kind of addiction.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, is the passionate vision, has the potential to test our relationship to nature, and it can have some pretty serious social consequences.
Some of them can be selfish.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then I had to be vegetarian then.
If you're a passenger and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hunger.
I think this tends to transform your vision, whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration is not both the facts of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Saturn artificial intelligence system in the movie "Hey?
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of paradise information, she has a complicated information processing -- so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you have quite serious ethical problems about the ethics of the intelligent computer systems and the ethics of taking them off.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of complete collectives, the planet.
Do Canada have its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience at a TED Talk -- right now, we have a collective TED consciousness, an inner film for this whole group of TED, different from the internal films of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that needs to take seriously.
So this passionate vision, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer than the first crazy idea, which consciousness is a fundamental thing, that the second one is universal.
Vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, this is probably the hardest problem in science and philosophy.
We can't expect to solve it overnight.
But I think we finally will go to it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in victory.
I had a very normal profile, a low education profile.
I went to school, I teamed up with my friends, I fought my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community approached my parents because I wanted to close for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very beautiful, but there's an obvious problem.
She doesn't really get anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile in my mother's hair and spent a lot of time looking at the "Future Series, the Sarah Salama and Dan Creative."
Yeah, I know. What contradiction.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school school school, just about 20 minutes in the class 11 of legal studies a boy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when do you give your speech?
And I said, "What did I speec?
Well, I had been talking about the law of distinction for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about inspired things in school?
"Of course, in the active room.
And it was then when I realized, this boy had had experiences with disabled people as an inspiration.
And we are not. And it's not blame of the boy -- it is, that's true for many of us.
For us, disabled people are not our teachers or our doctors or our manifestations.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire it.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair, and you're probably waiting for them to inspire you. Right?  Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to tell you specifically.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied to disability.
Yes, we've sold the lie that disability is a Malaysia, A male, me machine.
It's something bad and living with a disability makes you remarkable.
It's not a bad thing, and it doesn't make it excellent.
And over the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude."
Or this one: "Your excuse is invited." In effect.
Or here's another one: "Before I leave, I got it."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one of the girl without hands drawing with a pencil sustained by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with orthopedic legs of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the porn powerful term because they have a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we have been aware of disability in benefits of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, for very bad it was my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the story of the number of times that I've been curious about wanting to express that they think I'm brave or a source of inspiration, and this happened before my work had a public profile.
It was as if I was happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is to consider.
These images, those images are people with disability in benefits of people without disability.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult.
We took some things.
But the things we overcome aren't the things that you can think of.
They're not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term "Internet "Indexudester," deliberately because I subscribe to the social model of disability that tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very happy with him.
I do the things I need to do, and I've learned to get the best of your capacity as well as you do it, and that's what happens to the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside of it.
They are simply using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to match them in the way we do that, when we share those pictures?
When people say, "You're an inspiration source, you say it as a complete.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of lying, because we've sold this lie that disability makes us excellent.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here fighting the inspiration, and you think, "Oh God, strategy aren't sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
Learning that this is a great idea to use a little bit of carbon paintings to collect the things that they fall in,  learning the ingenious trick of how to load the battery of the mobile phone in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnostics but against a world that is excited and consciously.
I really think that the lie that we've sold about disability is the greatest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude: the reason that that's lie is because it's not true because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles before a state of stairs has never done that it becomes a campaign.
Never.   So smiling before a television screen won't make the substances appear for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and raining a positive attitude to turn all those books into the brain.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching "Bubble the Sargas Salama is not considered to deserve anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we are happy to get away from bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability and I want to live in a world where a 11 degree boy at a school of McDonald's is not a little surprise that his new teacher is a wheelchair user use.
Discussion doesn't make us exceptional, but questioning what you think you can know about what it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to do augmented reality and professional football, with empathy.
And what is the average speed of a governor without charge?
Unfortunately, today I just respond to one of those questions, so please don't join.
When people think about augmented reality, they think of "Minocle Repotive," and Tom Crunch putting their hands in the air, but augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because the reality is augmented to change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to augmented reality?
The first step, is what I'm wearing the Google Google.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass, they're a device that allows them to see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what is being a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use the Google Glass, underneath a helmet and know what is running through the game of game to 100 miles, the blood hitting the ears.
We can know that it feels like a 100 pounds of 1,200 pounds, trying to figure out all of their being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's nothing nice.
I bring some videos to show you what the Google Glass, under the helmet and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the practices of the NBC, because the idea of the New NFL idea is a submarine coming up to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kelly: Come on.
It's horrible to be a translation.
A moment. Let's zoom into a little bit.
Proposition?
Go!
Chris Kelly: As you can see, it's a prediction of what is being translated in the football field, from the perspective of the training.
You might have realized that you need people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, corresponding at the University of Washington.
First marker: mice 54: mice 54."
Blue eight, Blue eight." Go!
Chris Kelly: This is a little bit more to the feeling to be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being in the NBC.
Fantastic fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, be their favorite players, and they've asked me on YouTube and on Twitter, "You can see from the angle of a field marker.
Or a rock?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get full of the filmmaker -- how do we bring it to the next level?
We took it to that level using something called October Ritch, who probably many people already know.
The Nollywood Riot has been described as the most realistic virtual reality apparatus ever created, and it's not cheap word.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no, no, I don't want to keep playing. No!
Oh, my God. Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain afraid of his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we recorded a video of David Peter crossing the line, getting out of a marker with the arm before they run and make an anti-demanding analysis? What will be the experience of a fan.
When can I be Messae running through the song, throwing the balance down the bottom of the network? Or Federal doing a seat in Williams?
What will your experience be when you go from a mountain to more than 100 miles as an Olympic skin?
Maybe the sales of palmates for adults.
But this is not even augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, Roy.
How do we reach the augmented reality, Row?
We will take the augmented reality when the coaches and the marketing and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams.
How do we use it to win parties?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like it. It gives them money.
So here is a brief back on technology at NIND.
In 1965, the Baltimore Potters put a pick on their field of field to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to mimic them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NBC put radio on the capital of the field markers and then in the defenses.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine you're a player coming back to your group and you see their next play in front of you, in a plastic glass that they carry on. You don't have to worry about forgetting a play.
Or to memorize the strategy.
Just go out into the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parties.
If you lose parties as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a manual of strategic strategies.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve how we play the game.
How would it go?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium, having a view from the top of the people who are down.
You also get information from the seas of the helmet and the accelerometer.
And all of that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will be able to send it.
Bad people will have information.
This will differentiate the good teams of bad equipment.
So your team of computing will be as important as your records, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerves.
Who would be for sports. Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the countryside.
Imagine you're the field marker.
They get the balance and retirement.
You look at an open receptor -- suddenly, a flat on the left part of your bombsight gives you a defense behind you are going to attack you. Normally, you wouldn't see it, but the U.K. system gives you.
They move to the protection area.
Another flower gives you that there's an open receptor.
You toss the balloon, but you get rid of it.
And the balance loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land. However, the receptor sees in your check an area of grass that lights up and can modify the race.
It gets approach, it grabs the ball, runs and note.
The public takes up and the fans have followed the play from every angle.
This is something that will create a massive emotion in the game.
I'm going to make lots of people look at it, because people want to live that experience.
Fantastic fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality is part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is this: Do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus like our usual entropy?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone what it is, literally, will be in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is worth for sports lights.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much does this technology do for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a abuse how dancers are their actions from the perspective of the victim?
How much is this technology worth a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how does it live being persisted?
How much is it also for a Harvard Harvard or a Neil Dermate Ts trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science rather than three-dimensional and Karaches?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is coming.
The questions we make, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face, they depend on as always, of us.
Thank you.
I was recently retired after 23.
Most of those 23 years, I spent the step of the southern end of the Marine County, which includes bridge Golden Gate.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known by its beautiful view of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean and its architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also an imam for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Goldman Gates Bridge was open in 1937.
Joseph Straves, chief engineer who was trying to build the bridge, said that, "The bridge is pretty much for suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical and probably."
But from its openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some of you believe that traveling between the two towers will take it to another dimension -- this bridge has been identified as such, so that the fall of it releases you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go below you clean up your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a free of four to five seconds, the body hits the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bone, some of which perfect vital organs.
Most people die in impact.
The ones that no, usually they get stuck in the information and then they drowned out.
I don't think that those who make this suicide method realize the death map that they will face.
This is the cable one.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel to the bridge.
This is where most people go before they take their lives.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and at its darkest moment, it's very hard to bring it back.
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to an officer contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the balance.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who hold suicide but to the officers as well.
We've got a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train the new offices.
This is Jason Garagovia.
I met him on July 22 last year when he got a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the cord near the center.
I said, and when I came in, I looked at Jason talking to a bridge official of the Golden Gate Bridge Gate.
Jason was only 32 years old, and I had flown up to here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up until two times before New Jersey to try to kill me from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason talking to Jason -- we asked if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
By remembering the Greek mythology, Zeith created Pandelin, and sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said, "You never, never open that box.
Well, one day, the curiosity.
He came out of the plastics, penis, and all sorts of evil against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What happens if you open the box and there's no hope?"
It stopped a few instants, leaned on the right, and left.
This weak and smart boy in New Jersey just removed life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the rabbi of the family called me to see how I was.
The parents in Jason had asked it.
A lot of cultural suicide damage affects a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a family member of your family, a friend or someone loved it outside out?
What would you say?
Do you know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just have to talk, but you need to hear.
Listening to understanding.
Don't discuss, cultivated, or tell the person you know how it feels because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of influence you need.
If you think someone is suicide, you're not afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is, others in similar circumstances have thought about finishing their life -- have you had these thought?
Confusing the person in front can save life and be the point of influence for them.
Other signs for the for searched, despair, believing that things are terrible, and they're never going to get better. Impossible, believe that there's nothing you can do about it, recent social isolation, and a lost of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost his son on January 19, this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and he is with his permission and headed that I read her.
"Hi, Kevin -- I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking I should go standing on the bridge this week.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still pretty inserved, but I notice more moments to realize that Mike won't come home.
Mike was driving from Peter to San Francisco to see the part of the 49 with her father on January 19.
He never got there.
He called Peter police and reported it as disappeared that night.
The next morning, two officials came to my house and reported me that the Mike car was down on the bridge.
A witnesses had seen it jump from the bridge at 15 of the late day of the day.
Thank you very much for fighting those who can be certainly too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been wrong with no suffering a real mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My prayers are with you for your struggle.
The GDP, the Global Gates Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay.
Good luck this week, Victorial."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and walk down the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead on.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call for a possible subject on the sidewalk of the bridge near the north tower.
I drove my motorcycle on the sidewalk, and I looked at this man, Kevin Berkeley, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he immediately crossed the link, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
Over the next hour and a half later, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day back to that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he happiness.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What did it make you come back and give the hope and life another opportunity?
And do you know what he told me?
He said, "You listen to me.
They let me talk and just listen."
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother's mother, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to read them.
"Dear Lord Brians, nothing will erase the events of 11 March, and you're one of the reasons why Kevin follows us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was crying for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been properly medication.
I took Kevin when I was only six months, completely unconscious of all those heroic traits -- but thank God, now we know it.
Kevin is in order, as he said.
We give God for you.
Honestly, with you, Narrator Berkeley."
And at the end she wrote, "Point: When I visited the General Hospital of San Francisco that night, you would pretend like the patient.
"I know I had to fix it."
Kergery, Kevin is a caring and active father of society.
He talks openly about the events of that day and his depression with hope that his story will inspire others.
Surviving is not just something that I've found at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather suicide with poison.
That act, despite the end of finishing its own pain, I stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what suicide.
For most people suicide or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think of sent to another person.
You just want your own pain to end.
Typically, this is only achieved in three ways, sleep, drugs or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and calls of suicide around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jangaria.
The other one was a man who talked about an hour.
During that time, I got my hand up in three times.
At the end of the end, I looked at me, and he said, "Rend, I'm sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped out.
Horrible, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people who we get to contact in that bridge don't suicide themselves.
In addition, those few who have taken out of the bridge and lived and that you can talk about it, that one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second one that they left on the side of the slide realized they had made a mistake, and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge not only connects Marine with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that each and every one of us should be striving for doing.
Surviving can be prevented.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you're not, but in your interior you know what you are, and a question makes you, how do you become that?
I have to be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, no way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that I finally had achieved the dream that I had ever had from girls.
My foreign ended up with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, the ones that I'm going to refer to later when I look at this picture I think, the genes George, you get it, you get it.
But the last October, I discovered that, just -- I'm starting to go.
We all love our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value of releasing, to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color of skin or by the beliefs of the people around us.
These are people who always defy the status quo -- which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors -- many of my friends, my agent even ignored my story.
I think this end is called revolution.
This is mine.
They registered me as a child at birth because of the appearance of my genital genetics.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always carried this t-shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl.
I knew then how to encourage.
The gender has always considered an immersible fact, but now we know that really, it's something more complex and mysterious now.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought I will be what I'm being wrong, but because the world is treating those of us who want to liberate us.
Every day grateful will be female.
I have mom, Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of the gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess goddess of the children.
And when I was eight years old, I was at a party in the Philippines that celebrated these mystery.
I was standing in front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me -- this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, I met this woman called TED.
It's the director of a contemporary beauty competition.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you been involved in the beauty contest?
He told me that if I participated she would be able to get away from the species of insect and the vessel, and that night, I won in bathroom suit, and I won the third end of the 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was the beauty of beautiful women, but I can.
I also met the dance of disasters, especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philips.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my request from the green card that I could go to live to the United States.
I was resist.
I said to my mother, "Mom, I'm getting fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty queen of it."
But then, two weeks later, I called me and said, "You know that if you move to the United States, you can change the name and the innovative identity?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me that I gave my name to my name.
She also accompanied me when I was operating in Thailand at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand perform the most prestigious and sophisticated surgery.
At that time in the United States, it was necessary to do surgery before we changed the name and the gender.
So in 2001 I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license with the name of Gene and the Femanistic Gene.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means being able to drive or be able to get a drink, but for me it was the license to live, to feel diagnosis.
Suddenly, my fears were minimally mining.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman of mark Air Titans.
A young woman in New York City who brave his truth, but he was destroyed, he put his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All the 20th of November, we do a global video for the Mediterranean Day.
I'm in this stage thanks to a long story of people who fought and stood up to injustice.
These are Martha P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, exposing me, so someday there are no longer secondly than 20 of November.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: General, George, a quick question.
George Rockett: Sure. You see, first, thank you with all my benefits.
In my support network, my parents especially to my family, which itself is very strong.
I remember all the time I've been to young women who have ended, and I had first, and sometimes when I was called and told me that their parents couldn't accept it. I took the phone, I called my mom and said, "Mom, can you call this woman?
Sometimes it worked, others not. It's just gender identity, that's what is at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are assigned by a gender at birth, and what I try to do is put on the table that sometimes that non-violent scary, and that there should be a space that allows people to self-organize -- and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transparency movement is starting compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
I should have understood.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all be my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very nice. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, the parents generally know about their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known by their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign by defending his rights in 2007, and when he was monitored by his efforts in 2011, when he told the National Prize June of peace, he became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, women history is the story of injustice -- the inequality of violence and violence and exploitation.
You see, in patriarchal societies, right from the beginning of the beginning, when a girl born, their birth doesn't celebrate.
It's not beautiful, not by his father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes up with the mother and no one happy to the father.
And a mother is very overwhelmed by having a girl.
When I give birth to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When you give birth to the second daughter, it is consumed, and with the hope of a son, when you put your third daughter, you feel guilty as a criminal.
Not only the mother suffering, but the daughter -- the newborn daughter, when it grows as well.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, he stays at home and school admit his brothers and school.
Until age 12 years, somehow it has a good life.
You can fun.
You can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when it comes into the adolescence, when it turns out 13 years old, he gets redefined to go out of his house without a male academic.
It's confined to the four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the name of his father and his brothers and his family and his family, and if he translates the code of that honeybee person, he could even kill.
And it's interesting that this proposition of honor code, not only affects a girl life, also affects the life of male members of the family.
So this brother sacrificed the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in the name of the honor.
And there's one more norm of patriarchal societies that are called obvious.
A good girl is supposed to be very comfortable, very humble and very subtle.
It's the criterion of it.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be silent and accept the decisions of his father and their mother and the decisions of the elderly even if it doesn't want to.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a tiny device.
If you have it very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they'll call it desert.
And what happens to the end?
In the words of a poet, "The holistic launch, and then gives birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, instill the same lesson of obesity to his daughter and the same honor of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle goes on and on.
I dear brothers and sisters, when Malawi was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newborn recessions, to be honest, but when I was there and I looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored with me.
And so much before I was born, I thought about his name, and I was fascinated with a legendary literal film in Afghanistan.
His name was Malians of Maisovan, and he called my daughter so that she is.
But when I looked at me, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I took a line from my name, and I wrote, "Malawinger."
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half, I admit her in my school.
You might wonder, why should I mention a girl administration in a school?
Yeah, I should mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for child life.
In a school that means the recognition of your identity and your name.
An addition to school means that it's entered the world of dreams and aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks before, when I was to complain the Canadian visit, and I was on the relative part to the family, I couldn't remember some of my sisters.
And the reason was that I had never seen my sisters of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father could not give my siblings or his daughters, I thought he had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the sacrifice of my daughter.
I encouraged him to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encouraged it to go to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to instill them in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malawi.
I've spent all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
He used education for emittanistic.
I taught my daughters, taught students to forget the lesson of obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called server.
They dear brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It's called the television.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the pink girls and the sandwiches killed.
They suffered millions, but a few of them talked about, and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and take on when you talk about your rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10 years, Malawi got up and raised on the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog -- she was offered her for the New York Times documents and talked about every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It's spread like a classroom around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and October nine of the 2012, they shot them in the head.
It was a fateful day for my family and me.
The world became a great black hole.
Whereas my daughter was distinities between life and death, I whispered to the ear to my wife -- "Should I blame me for what happened to my daughter, your daughter?
And he said, "Please, don't blame me.
It defines the fair cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of the truth, because of the cause of peace, and because of the cause of education, and your daughter inspired you and joined you.
Both of them were on the right path and God would protect it."
These little words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask myself to ask again.
When Malawi was in the hospital and had severe pain and strong headaches because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow.
But my daughter never complained about.
I used to say, "I'm fine with my smile shorter and the engagement in my face.
Please don't worry. Please don't worry.
It was a consume for us, and we were consuming us.
They dear brothers and sisters, we've learned from her how to resist at the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women, it's like any 16-year-old girl.
I cried when he didn't finish his homework.
He fights his brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What is special in my tutor that has made so audacious to Malawi so brave and expressive and economic?
I mean, you don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
I didn't cut your wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operated from the brain 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that recently I've joined the Month group of Google, where I have had a divide to my charge, the visualization of Google X, But all the work I'm talking about today about the brain science, I did it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there is an stigma when you take a brain operation.
Do you still be equal or not?
If not like this, can you be smart.
After neurosurgeon, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurosurgeons.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and chemicals of chemicals, and try to get them to go with life.
More than I've been saved by a bit.
But luckily, I have a soul, for what I decided to experience to try to get the optimal doses because it really doesn't have a clear map that says it in detail.
I started testing with different mixes and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the doses changed dramatically my survivor, my sense of who I was, my way to think, my behavior with others.
One particularly impressive case -- for a few months, I tried doses and typical chemicals for a tenth man, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always funny, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  of course, many times in the past I've known several guys like this, or maybe some straight versions of them.
It turned out as an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be a surgery.
In fact, I was trying to take a problem that I had in front of it, and it simply doesn't happen.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my dose.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and about what they have to go through. Since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do, when I adjust those hormones and neurosurgeons and so on, it was to regain my intelligence after disease and operation -- my creative thought, my idea of ideas.
I tend to think almost always in images, and that became my point of key reference: how do I get those mental images that I use to create protected, my ideas, if you want to try new ideas and raise situations in it.
This kind of thoughts is not new.
Philosophers like Humm, Descartes and Hongrams look at things like this.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Today there are those who question this idea, and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works. To me it's simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative and invention thinking.
So after several years, I managed to find the right point and I have lots of great mental mentals, really valued, well sophisticated and well structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use your imagination only to steer the world that has in front of the world?
Or if a musician could extract the music of his head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can get to share at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments made by two groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image of functional magnetic resonance -- to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan made by Girb Gandhi and their colleagues from Harvard.
The column on the left shows the brain scan of a person looking at an image.
The middle of the middle shows the brain scan of that same individual as you imagine, seeing that same image.
The column on the right is created by restoring the contents of the central column on the left left. You see that the difference is almost new.
This is repeated in many different individuals with lots of different images, always a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and figuring out that same image is almost new.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is from Jack Gallo lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to turn the brain waves into remote visual fields.
Let's put it in this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were digging their brains to create a great amount of reactions of the brain to video sequences.
Then I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scan would decode it to show what it seemed that the person was seeing.
On the right, you can see the districts of the computer, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This left us board.
We're well close to doing it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, it's created in the brain the same map.
This was conducted with the major brain scanning systems available today, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How did we do that?
There are a lot of techniques to do it.
One is opening up the skull and introduce electrodes out.
I don't offer that.
Many of you are providing new projection techniques for images, even me. Tell up with the recent result of MRI -- first we have to ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way?
conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger pictures, but at this point, the larger magnets only offers small improvements in resolution -- not even thousands of people as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of larger pictures, we make better magnets better.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different areas, like making a spirit.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a lot of effort at MRI were to make really big pictures, right?
However, most recent advances in religion of ingenious and brilliant solutions in code and decoration, in transparency and record receptors of FM radio in MRI systems.
At the same time, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use magnetic patterns that are structured to the FM radio frequencies of the FM radio.
So by combining the magnetic patterns with the patterns of the processing processing of FM radio processing processing, we can increase the information that can be extracted in one scale.
In addition, we can then divide into layers of our growing knowledge about the structure of brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
By using MRI we should be able to measure not just the float of angry blood but the hormones and the neurosurgeons that I've mentioned and perhaps even the direct neural activity. This is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas in a direct way to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go over the language and communicate directly through the think?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the Alzheimer's cure and similar diseases.
We have a few more options than opening this door.
Anyway, do you choose one year, happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that I'll take much more.
We have to learn how to take this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay sea.
I think we all have armerves.
Your closet, maybe you say to some person for the first time you love it or tell someone who's pregnant, or tell someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have stuck in life.
Every single woman is a hard conversation, and even though our subjects can vary tremendously -- the experience of having lived and out of that armed is a universal thing.
Day fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I worked at the South Side William Walker, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages from the intensity of Library military, and I would not hold my armpits to quote the letters of Ann Drew France as a letter.
And I'm going to be dependent out that by the hole of my short screen, and I had spent my head a little bit, and I would usually ask a small child, "Hey, are you boys or girl?
And it would appear an awkward silence on the table.
I would open my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a radio stop.
The father would hit the newspaper and mother would launch a cold look at his son.
But I would not say anything, and it would be shaped.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that the next time I would say something.
It would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
"Are you a boy or a girl?
A family silence, but this time I was prepared and I was about to go into the female issues on the table.  I had the Betty French quote.
The State Glass quote.
Even a flash of the "Vagina Monologues," I would show you.
And then I breathe and I looked down and I looked at a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist demo, just a girl with a question: "Are you a boy or girl?
So I was breathing up again, I got calculations near her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a confusing thing.
I have the short hair like a kid, and I see a kid, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more of the kind of girl from a comfortable stop."
And that girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite piece is purple and has a fish.
Can you give me a panda, please?
And that was everything. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the pandemic I did?
It was the easiest conversation of everyone I've ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the park and I, both of them were honest with the other.
So as many of us, I've lived in some search in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a sandwich.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what color the walls are.
You just know how you feel living in a search.
That's how my armed is not unlike yours or yours or yours.
I mean, I will give you 100 reasons from why out of my closet, it was harder than coming out of the his, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relative to me.
The hard thing is difficult.
Who can tell me that explain to someone who has been declared in broken bank is harder than saying it's been declined?
Who can tell me that this story that I tell you is harder than telling your five year-old son that you're going to diverge?
There is no more difficult, only the hard thing.
We have to stop climate what it's difficult to do with respect to what difficult for another person to make us feel better or worse relative to our closet, and we have to only feel empathy because we all live a hard thing.
Somewhere in our lives, we all live in arms, and they may make security, or at least safer than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, that no matter what their walls are, an arment is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine itself 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a dress and high traffic shoes.
It was not the military lesbian prepared to fight any four year-old child coming into coffee.
I was frozen by fear of fear in a corner of my dark closet, packing my gay grenade and moving only a muscle is the most scary thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life trying not to do it, and now the world was turning back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so much time, but if you don't launch that grandmother, you kill you.
One of my most memorable launches was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of the guests knew that I was gay, and when I did my honor ladies in my black dress and talks -- walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents, people who were known to do years ago.
And after talking about a moment, one of the women said, "I love Nathan Langular."
And the battle of the gay relationship had started.
"Am, did you ever be in the Captaste?"
"Well, yeah, the truth is we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard that it's fantastic."
"Ah, do you know my sting Attain?
It's very good and never talked about having a congestion."
"Ah, what is your favorite TV program.
Our favorite program Will and Grace program?
And you know who loved us? Jack was Jack.
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, discovered but in hopes of showing desperately his support, to let me know that I was on my side, finally said, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink trucks."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the grains of grandmother.
It might have been easy to indicate where they felt unconscious.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were forced.
And what else can you ask someone, but straight?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for the authentic thing you get.
That's how hard conversations continue without being my strong point.
Ask anybody I have come out.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Pandelis girl.
Now, please see this through gay perspective, but they understand that what it means to come out of any arment is essentially the same thing.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take your adaptation. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armor but I was ready for battle.
If you want someone to be general, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be directly. Just tell you. You take your parks.
If you know they're gay, they tell them.
If you say to your parents that maybe you might be gay, they'll keep hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important --  leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You are never discussed for that.
And some of you can come out of sure, you can figure out what they have done, but they never do what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them will feel disappointed, but that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not of you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So the next time you find in a dark closet, by packing a grandmother, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you might feel very alone, but you're not.
Thank you, Bobby. Enjoy the flew.
Intectony, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has been seen, a productive example has been the famous quote of Emerginal Dietren that the question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a sub can have a story."
When President Diabethi wrote this, it did it as a critic to the pioneers of computing like Alan Turing as Alan Turing around.
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that you're from an alien race, which you don't know about the biology of the Earth or the neuroscience of the Earth or the intelligence of the Earth, but you have incredible telescopes and you can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you are from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that it doesn't have any concept about Earth's intelligence -- they would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how to some point in time, the asteroids that will solve the surface of a mysterious planet stop doing it.
And that's why I claim this is the same question that to understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I conducted several years ago, I analyzed a variety of topics through science, through various disciplines that they pointed out, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology for example, there have been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be fully adjusted to the development of intelligence, and in particular, for developing universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement, there have been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, taking all of these different issues and putting them together, I asked, for a number of years -- there is a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we could extract from all of these different themes around?
Is there just an equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the nearest equivalent of a E =  -- my one for the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a claim that intelligence is a force, F that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keep open options, with a force T, with the diversity of possible accessible future -- yes, to an impending future time, take.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to stay trapped in.
Intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and keep open options.
And so, having this equation, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How accurate is it?
Does it predict the level of human intelligence.
Do you predict artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more devastating, or entertainment," during their life they should have the more favorable conditions for the existence of smart beings like us.
But what if that configuration cosmological connection between entropy and intrinsic intelligence is a deeper relationship.
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of long-term entropy but actually emerges directly from it?
In order to find out, we've developed a software engine called Antarctica, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system in which it is inside.
Amazingly, entropy could pass multiple animal intelligence, play human games, and even make money by buying action, all of it had been used to do that.
Here are some examples of entropy in action.
Just like a human foot house, here we see anti-demanding engaging a pole using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave Androils a goal.
He just decided for his account to balance the cost.
This ability of balance will have applications for human robotics and human care.
This ability for tools to have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate by taking out of the opposite extremes of a rope at the same time to release the food, here we see that entropy can do a version of the model of that task.
This cooperation capacity has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
The entropy is widely applicable to a variety of dimensions.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game against itself, illuminating its potential for play.
So here we see Antarctica and the new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keeps the net connected network.
This same network projection capacity also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see Antarctica organizing the routes of a box of ships, discovering with success and using Panama Canal to expand the global level of the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Antarctica spontaneously to discover and execute a labor strategy, selling in a simulated series of action negotiation -- successfully increasing assets under their management exponentially.
This ability for risk management will have wide applications in finance and safe.
Alex Bushing: What you've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation, all of them derived from a single equation, which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
So let's go back to the beginning of the use of the robot, the RSSosta work, there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion regulatory.
Machines would rise against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to investment.
It's not that machines first become smart and then members and try to support the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse to take control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise directly from taking control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the search for goal.
And often they ask me, "How do you look for targets to get away from this kind of market?
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence, or to help them understand human intelligence, is this: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid constraints in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We are at an inflection point in human history, something between the conquered stars and losing the planet that we call home."
But in the last few years, we have expanded a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth fits in the context of the universe.
The Kepler mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which points that the Earth is only one among the billions of planets in our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the light intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them, and block a little bit of that light that comes in.
The data collected by Kepler show the size of the planets besides the distance between them and their stem star.
In contrast, this helps us understand whether these planets are small, rocky as the land planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they receive from their sun.
In turn, this gives clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this text of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is moving under the weight of humanity.
The year 2014.
Glaciers and sea ice that have been with us from thousands now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've inflicted on the global scale have rapidly overcome our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a scientist of the weather, no astronomer.
But I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the housing sector.
Now, as someone very interested in pursuit of life in the universe I can tell you that the more planets I look at the Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invited a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better."
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rock, and despite being a little further from the Sun, it can be considered a potentially habitable world showing this for a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we studied so much to Mars.
Our roles like "The "String Rainforest track their surface for clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the MAAAAAQ mission -- take samples of the atmosphere of the atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
private companies now offer not only short space flights but also the possibility of living on Mars.
But even though all these Mars images remind us of the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with cutting-edge ideas and pioneers compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that still keep collaborating -- really stressful places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and more elevated places on Earth the air is fresh and recovered oxygen by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other planets to drag with a big and sad shadow -- the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect to save us from this information influence of the only planet that we know is truly habitable -- Earth.
By so much that I like the interplanetary exploration, I'm deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say Mars will be there to save humanity is like figuring out that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the party of truth will have place later on the wild.   Thank you.
But the goals for international exploration and land preservation is not contradicted.
No, they are actually faces of the same coin, the goal to understand, to preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world lights as extraterrestrial pandemics.
Just get closer to the house.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and inspirational areas on Earth, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment -- Ferrism.
Many years ago, the physicist Enrico Fermi said, considering that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there were many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of alien life existence until now.
Well, where are you?
Well, a possible solution to the French paradox is that when civilizations become fully advanced enough to continue to live between the stars, they lose the notion of how important the planets are driving this development.
It's arrogant to think that only interplanetary colonization, we're saving ourselves from ourselves, but planetary preservation and interplanetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to support the hostile environments of Mars for the human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve habitat on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own house.
And while I was on the front porch looking in my pockets, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that were at the dining table, where I had left them.
So I quickly tried to open all the other doors and windows and all of them were well closed.
I thought to call a curve, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a curve could take a long time to come in, and it was cold.
I couldn't go back home from my friend from Jeff to spend night because I had a flight for Europe in the next morning, and I was worried about my passport and my bag.
It would be expensive, but I sure not more expensive than a ceremony at night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, I was going to go right well.
I'm a professional neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Correct light that increases heart rhythm, modular levels of adrenaline and neutral levels of thinking.
And when I got to the starting show in the airport, I realized that I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a long time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I began to wonder, if there was something that I could do, systems that could put in its place, that prevents that they have bad things.
Or at least, if bad things happen, they minimize the probability that it's a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't criticize me.
I was dealing with my colleague Danny Kathmander, who was the Nobel Prize, and a little embarrassed I told you about I broke the window, and I had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared me that I had been practicing something called a prospective report.
It's something that he had learned from psychologist Gary Kleiner, who had written from this a few years earlier, known as the principle as well.
Everybody knows what the poster is.
Every time there is a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what came wrong, right?
In the spring, as Danny explains Danny, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that might go wrong, then try to figure out what it can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize damage.
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the form of a principle.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, it will be a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds of common sense, and it is, but there's a lot of science supporting this thesis based on how our spatial memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called hypothesis, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a track of the location of important things, where the right is okay, where the fish are, which is using the fruit trees, where you live friend and your enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is added into the London taboos.
It's the part of the brain that allows squirrel to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the official sense of the ships, and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use the smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move a lot, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose keys from the car, reading glasses and passengers.
So at home you get a place for the keys, a hook alongside the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For your passport, a particular box.
For your reading glasses, a particular message.
If you take a place and you are survival with it, your things will always be there when you look at them.
What about travelers?
Take a picture of your credit card, a picture of your credit card license, passenger, send it by mail to yourself so you're in the cloud.
If these things are lost or robots, this can facilitate the sustainability.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, your brain releases corrupt.
The cortex is toxic and entropy the thought.
So part of the purple practice is to recognize that under stress we're not going to be at the best moment, and you have to put the systems on your site.
And there's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is initiated as a professor for all of medical decisions, and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from which a rational assessment of the facts.
So suppose they go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit."
You all know that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, heart attack, brain delivery.
So you're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to take a drug that will help you reduce the colleague, a status."
And you may have heard about the statistics, and you know it's one of the most realistic drugs in the world today. Even likely you know people who take them.
So you think, "Yeah, recent the status."
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistics that you should ask for that most physicians don't want to talk about, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the NYIL, the number needed to treat.
And what is this, the NTA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or take a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And you should think what kind of destructive statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor wouldn't take me something if it wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not the fault of the doctor, and if it's a fault. It's about scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms.
But the Australians of Gatch that 90 percent of drugs work only from 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number needed to treat the most widely prescribe station, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This according to the research of the cynical researchers Jerry Grandpoint and Palm Harry, confirmed independently by Bloarth.
I myself explore the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, or brain spill or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one probability in 300 to lower my colleague.
Why not? Give me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for a more statistics, and it is, "Did you call the secondary effects of the state." Right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced by five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things: malaria pain and articulate pain pain -- but now they think, "The five percent isn't very likely to happen to me, even to take the medical means."
But a moment.
Remember, under stress you don't think of clarity.
So think about how it looks at this over time, so they don't have to make the reason the reason in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped it, five percent of the 300 have secondary effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go through the drug that you help your medicine.
I don't say they had or not take the status.
I just say you should have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it, is part of the beginning of informed consent principle.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take your risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number needs to be treated is pretty typical.
For the surgery that is more done in the men over 50 -- extraction of prostate cancer, the number needed to treat is 49.
This is, 49 surgeries for one person who has help.
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of patients.
Those include the importance or the erectile disconnect, urban indicator, straight, fecal inconsistance.
And if you're lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just last one year or two.
So the idea of the reward is to think before time the questions that you can plan to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have an option many times, you want a shorter life free of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain towards the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
You can change the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases curves under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that you turn a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator -- it doesn't need the digestive system, or the light or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react very quickly. They could become the lunch of the lions so that none of that matter.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the rational logical thought, like Danny Katrina and his colleagues have shown you.
So we have to train to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all definition.
We're all going to fail every once in it.
The idea is to think about the future how they might be those fail, to put the systems in the place that will help us minimize damage, or to prevent bad things on the first place.
Rebail night in Monterey, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination next to the door, with a key from the entry door in the same an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered and lots of email messages that I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Piano, "Point" is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing subjective.
If you're touching a musical instrument and you see a pound in the particular, you need to play more gently subtle.
Two pen, even smaller.
Four pound, extremely soft sound.
This is my drawing of a pollen tree, there you see that no matter how many thousands and thousands of copper may have never come to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system, the Asia, as well as a little bit of my own story.
The French sign language came up during the 1800s -- and with the step of time, it mixed with local signs, and it developed the language that we know today like Ashley.
So it has a story about 200 years old.
I was born deaf, and I was taught to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize that it's not true for nothing.
Sound is a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a sound world, it's like I lived in a foreign country, following their rules, costs, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do I understand sound there?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my authors and amplify sound.
Learning and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds and I've seen how people respond to it.
So, I learned, for example.
"Don't travel the door."
"Don't make a lot of noise when you eat the battery of free chips.
Don't run, and when you're eating, sure you don't add the covers on the dish."
I call this sound "package."
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does.
I'm a super-facing subject.
And I'm always waiting with nervous sound, which is about coming next.
From there, this drawing.
TED, for choice.
TED, to continue.
TED, to announce it.
You can see that the picture doesn't have notes in the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sound through subtle and manifestation borders.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for pen for pen in the Ashley.
A typical puzzle has five lines.
However, for me, making it with my thumb is not natural.
That's why I only have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resilience there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and while I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At the time, the sound was the trend and it called me the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was auditorium.
Now the sound has entered my territory of art.
Is it going to distance me more from art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it's not only experienced through the ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the ownership of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me in sound, I decided to leave it and disappear it.
I started to create a new body body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was a heavy, it was a little bit of a listener.
And the sound is so powerful that it could be available to me and my artistic work, or it could be done.
I chose that I would be empowered by it.
There's a massive culture around the language of spoken language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me and become my voice.
So I am able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with many different introductions of Asia.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, by asking their voices, I am able to maintain a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I wouldn't continue with this practice, I feel that I could get away in the forgotten and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the music world.
And I was amazed by seeing the similarities between music and Ashley.
For example, a musical note can be captured and expressing fully on paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in Asia.
The two are very spaces and highly mature that means that subtle changes can affect all of the meaning as much of the signals as the sounds.
I'd like to share a metaphor of the piano, so they understand better how the Asia works.
So, imagine a piano.
The Asia divide into many different geometric parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for each finger while the piano is played, like facial expression, the movement of the body, the speed, the shape of hand and so on, as the piano hits it, English is a linear language, as if it's just a keyboard at once.
However, the Asia is more like a robber, you need 10 fingers in a simultaneous way to express a clear concept or idea in Asia.
If one keyboard would change the addiction, it would create a completely different meaning.
The same thing happens with music in tone and time and volume.
In ASS, by using these different geometric parameters -- you can express different ideas.
So for example, the signal stuck in that."
This is the signal straight in it."
I'm watching you.
And I'm going to look at it.
Oh, I was calm.
Um, Oh.
What are you looking at?
Oh, long."
So I got to think, and if I look at the Ashley through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it over and over again, it could become like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of "Day, the sun comes out and it gets there.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, virtually it looks like a musical piece.
All day.
And I feel that the same thing can tell you all night."
"All night."
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about three different types of nights: "Narrator: "One of National New Nexter: "The "Each night."
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in Asia and how the distance to the body can express changes over time.
For example, one hero. It's a hand, two heroes. It's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the back.
So the first example is a long time ago.
Then, "I'm going on -- "Across "Advision, and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time, "There was once.
"Change "motor," it's a musical term with a specific rate of four times by companies.
However, when I see the word common time, I think automatically at the same time."
Watch Medical hands, right, MI: hand left hand.
We have the picture through the head and the chest.
(Music: M.C. flat capture -- "The Complete Company" -- E, call it a flat garden, I'm going to show you a form of hand called "Facebook Galapago.
Can you do it with me?
Everybody with their hands.
Now we're going to do it both in the head as the chest, something like common time," or at the same time."
Yeah, very good.
That means loved in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and sign languages around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this one. Please do it with me again.
And now this.
It means "collaborative at Ash.
Now, the third one. Please tell me again.
And again.
It's "lighting in the Asia.
We're going to do the three together.
"Dear "light, collaborative and "lighting."
Good work.
Notice how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest, but they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how the Asia is alive and proposing, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very current world.
And only because the Asia has no sounds, automatically no social value.
We have to start questioning what the social value defines and allow the Asper to develop their own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn Asia, and you don't have to hear music.
The Asia is a rich text and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience your visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dense Kaleboo: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me, "You can use everything, but then you have to clean it."
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination took me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a bubble of innocent or a bubble of ignorance -- I have to say, because adults lied to us to protect ourselves from the awful truth.
When I get older, I found out that adults are also using and not really good at cleaning people's people.
The time country, now I'm an adult and taught citizen and invention at Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk on the beach beat with lots of trash.
So as good citizens, we cleaned up the beaches -- and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but today more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a spontaneous thing.
And in the last decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks to collect those plastic pieces to study under the microscope, and we classify them, and we collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky to use those huge boat.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years, we dream about inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this job with autonomous height so that very short kids can also participate too.
And I'm going to tell you, children who manipulate electrical tools feel great, secure tools.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collect plastic and reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragment.
That we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to combine them into something that we hope to work.
We decided that instead of collecting bits of plastic, we just collect information.
By using a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- kids are excited about the robots.
Then we quickly created what we call "a prototype."
We are so fast in creating prototypes that we ended up before lunch.
And we transform light bulbs and web cameras in access and put it into a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the picture captured by the robot.
We see the plastic pieces floating slowly through the sensor while the computer on board process this image and measure the size of each particle to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this step-by-step invention on a website for inventors called "Interviewered, with hope that someone best even more.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and they put off, they're trying to fix it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children.
You see the news, they get the Internet, and they played with this picture.
A child, maybe less than 10 years, cleaning up a oil spill, just using hands, in Sundans, the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that drink, it's the water in which they go underwater, the water where fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that the water is brown and mud and oil is also brown color, and when everything gets mixed in, it's very hard to see what's in the water.
But there's a simple technology called the specialist, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spirit that can adult through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help us identify what's in the water.
We took this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help the other children.
I can investigate a problem in distance -- I was forced to make a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further and maybe address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half a Japanese and a French half and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they had several giant waves, called the typical tables, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the east coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear power plant from Fuchonda, a nuclear center near the water.
And today, according to the reports an average of 300 tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the whole Pacific Ocean has pollution charges for the thing for the thing.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure the radiation of Fulfi everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation comes out of the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it looks like that, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fulfi every year from the accident and research in independent ways with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take the children.
Of course we didn't take them, parents didn't allow them.
But every night we reported the center center, here you see the use of different masks.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they are going to have to live with the radiation all their life.
Together with them we discussed the data collected that day and we talked about what we were going to do, the strategies, the estimate, etc.
And to do this, we created a rudimentary map of the region around the nuclear power plant.
We created the elevation map, we introduced pigeons to represent data in real time of radiation, and we run water to simulate rain.
So with this, we were able to notice that the radioactive dust was filtering from the top of the mountain to the river system and demonstrated in the ocean.
It was an appropriate estimate estimate.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear core to date.
We came up to a mile of the nuclear center, and with the help of fish from the area we were collecting sea seals with a sediment tracking as we invented and built.
Here we see a progression, we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source and very simple code.
But at the same time, it has been more and more frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all of these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small so that we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optical -- basically, you can build almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where kids in children can become reality with adults, and where adults can be children again.
Students, acceleration: Alexand."
Charles Harlare: We asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or, can we help in the mobility of advanced age population transforming their standard wheelchair chairs into new electric vehicles.
The plastic, oil and radioactive are terrible, but the worst legacy we can let our children are the lies.
We can't afford to protect children in horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators -- sounds, we should prepare the next generation to be concerned about the environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin codes, two radically opposite cultures.
One is made from thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk thread of silk.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organic.
One is imposed on the environment, the other one believed it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Miguel Ande said that when he looked at the brutal market, he saw a figure that he struggled for being free.
The paintbrush.
But living creatures are not centralized.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we took all the information that was required by every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by regions of manufacturing and mass production.
Monkey lines have dictated a world made of parts, spreading the imagination of designers and architects to think of their objects as a strategic parts of parts with different functions.
But you don't find analysis of human material in nature.
Think about the human skin, for example.
Our facial skin are thin with dialogue purposes.
The backs of the back are more thick.
You act mainly as a filter, the other mainly as a barrier -- and yet it's the same skin, there's no parts, no strategies.
It's a system that vary gradually its functionality by variation of splantable.
Here's a divided screen that represents my vision of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architecture to work today between the bottom and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between Henry Ford and Christians, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis is shown in the two screens after me.
My job, in their simplest level, tries to unite these two visions of the world, moving away from the assembly and approaching growth.
You probably wonder, why now?
Why wasn't this possible 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a weird moment, where you have four disciplines.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created myself.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scale, large-scale scale, like this robotic arm with a 24 meters of diameter with a version base that someday not very far to print entire buildings and narratives to nano-scale manufacturers that shine in the dark.
So here's the ticket, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and it has created a screen where each force is the unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a fake. This was for a fashion poster in Paris with Sortrudas van Hong -- it's like a second skin made from a single piece, recorded in the contans, flexible around the waist.
Together with a collaborative printing collaborator Starley, we print this layer and laptop 3D without costs between cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microbes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a C scanner.
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and synthetic instruments, allowing us to design products that adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues as well.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the same time, comfortable and also it absorbs sound.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator came back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, it becomes a sound.
We printed this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in regime, opportunity and color, correspond to the pressure points in the human body.
Its surface, like in nature, vary its functionality not through the addition of another material or another attack, but contrast continuously and declarative material property.
But is the ideal nature of nature?
There are no parts in nature?
I didn't raised myself in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them came to me and came to define a lot of what matters to me.
As she related to the third day of the creation, God sent the Earth to grow a brutal tree careful tree of fruit."
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches and leaves and fruits and fruits and fruits.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees to grow trees with branches, cortex, street and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself, "What would be the design if objects were made from one piece of piece?
Will we go back to a better state of creative?
So we look for the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit tree with fruit, and we found it.
The second largest biologist on the planet is called the rain, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crazy, skin and marine.
We thought that if we could synthesize their properties, we could generate multi-dimensional structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal marine.  We asked a lot of campaigns of shrimp, we put them and we produced the shot passenger.
Looking at chemical concentration, we've been able to achieve a wide range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
In order to print the structures on a large scale, a system was built with multiple collection containers controlled robotic.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one material three feet long, 100 percent recyclable percent.
When the pieces are ready, it leaves them off to find a natural form to contact with the air.
So why do we continue to design with plastic with plastic?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process was used to contain photographs that came for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we increase the genetic designed bacteria to capture rapidly carbon in the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without trouble to mess, and if it becomes even more, to windows.
A frustrating tree of fruit came from.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp cameras in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for biodiversity designed for biodiversity, put in the sea, feeding the marine life, and placed on the ground, will help grow a tree.
The fit for our next exploration using the same principles of design was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for the interactive travel.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic table, we did our own table of elements -- new forms of life created completely manufactured manufactured and augmented in a biological form.
I like to think about synthetic biology like liquid airline, only instead of transparent metabolic metals -- new biological officials within very small channels.
This field is called microscopic.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothing -- two microscopes.
The first is civilization.
It lives in our oceans and the fresh water tank.
And the second one, E. collaborate, the bacteria that is living in the human intestine.
One turns the light into sugar, the other sugar consumption and produces useful biofuels.
But these two microscopes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think of it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution for design.
In order to hold these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract that will help you flow these bacteria and to alter your way to work.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, valuing the properties of the material according to desired functionality.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This portable digestive system, when you stretch from one end to another, it goes down 60 feet.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine is.
And here it is, as a professor at TED, our first portable photographer, crazy liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shelf said, "We are creatures of fashion -- only half is made."
What if the design would provide the other half?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and support our bodies out?
Think about this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer print material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do that.
It grows up. It adds up with sophistication.
This click of the worm -- for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside which it is metabolism.
The non-zero-sum manufacturing is about this level of sophistication, right?
It does it through combination not from two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in it.
One act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, using those fibers each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm is coming up in the environment, it creates a tension structure, and then it starts to hidden a compassion calculation.
Tender and compression. The two forces of life, they manifest into a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we put a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the hill.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm of the silk worm.
However, by putting the silk worm in a flat park, not inside a box, we realized that he would have a flat capital and still metabolize safe.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding -- and we've discovered that the shape, the composition -- the structure of the capital, is transmitted directly by the environment.
You often have the silk worms up to death inside your caps, your silk goes down and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants we could shape raw silk without having a single capital.
They were safe to mercify, and we could create these things.
So we climbed this process up to the architectural scale.
We had a hydrogen robot making silk plants, and we put ourselves in our site.
We knew that silk worms migrate into darker and cold areas, so we use a sunlight diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or adults, to block the rays of light and heat and distributed silk worms on structure.
We were prepared to get the oranges.
We asked 6,000 worms of silk to a online silk farm.
And after you feed them four weeks, they were prepared to hidden with us.
We put them carefully on the bottom edge of the animal, and as they had, they crime, they started, they put eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity and it was right.
When you have a little biological silk on the robotic silk silk, you give all this pavilion to your integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 65,000 silk worms had 650 miles.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The poliots, after the crash, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra pains in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A spider silk through a robotic arm, the other full empty arm.
If the last frontier of design is to give products to products and buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers must join these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new age of design, a new era of creation, which leads to an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands us, for the first time, to make us charge of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Hands up if you've ever asked you "What you want to be further?
If you had to remember how old they had when they first asked them this?
You can show it with the fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question is, "What do you want to be greater from the great?
They've caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who never could answer the question, "What do you want to be greater for greater?
The problem wasn't that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English, and the metals and the art and developed websites -- besides, played the guitar in a punk band called Telecombus Franklin.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And I generally like to test and persist anyway, for having dedicated a lot of time and energy, and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this feeling of boring, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, something completely different, and I dive into it, and I let me absorb and I feel "Yes, I've found my mind, and then again this point where I start to rest in.
And finally, I want to leave you.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, to deny all my other passions, and to give me to restrict.
Another reason that caused me so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I worried that there would be something wrong about this, and something wrong in me because I don't define anything.
I was concerned to be afraid of commitment, or being display, or struggle or my own success.
If you can relate to my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I would like to have planted then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to allocate the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things.
I'm going to tell you where they learned it, and they learned it from culture.
We have a question first, "What do you want to be greater of greater?
We have about five years old.
And the truth is that nobody cares about what they respond to that age.
It's considered a naive question to make nice answers in children like, "I will be astronomical or "do "I want to be pirated."
You try the distribution of Hallow here.
This question is done over and over again as we grow up in different ways,  -- the high school students are asked you're going to pick up in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be greater for greater?
It happens to be the bright exercise of before what the dream takes us.
Why?
While this question inspired children to dream of what they might be, don't inspire dream of everything they could be.
In fact, it does exactly the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things, even though you're interested in you and you might say, "Oh, what a cute, but you can't be a rape of violent and psychological artists.
You have to choose.
This is Dr. Bob Chiles  and he's a bit of a violent and psychological teacher.
And this Amy Niger, magazine editor turned into array, company, teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they are going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of focused life is very identified in our culture.
It's this idea of the fate or the real vocabulary, the idea that every one of us has something to do for your time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're someone who's not connected in this way?
What happens if there are a lot of different issues that wake up their curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feeling there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You're a multimituality.
A multi-dimensional is someone with lots of interest and creative activities.
It's a bite of a bite.
It could help if it divided in three parts: multiple and potential and daughter.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a strategic, renewable.
Over the time of the Renaissance, the ideal was who was very well dressed in multiple disciplines.
Barry Sweden refers to us as a school."
Use any term you like or invent your own.
It seems like a kind of adaptation to a community, we can't agree with a single identity.
It's easy to see multi-dimensional multi-disconnection or accident that you have to beat.
But what I've learned by talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths in being this way.
Here's three multi-dimensional supernovae.
One: the synthesis of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the intersection.
Shah Harrieg and Rachel Bina expressed their shared interests on cartoon, visualization of data, travel, mathematics and design, as I founded Mexico.
Moss is a company that creates gifted jewelry.
And Sharo and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his ecological mix of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas come from.
And multinationals, with all their attachments, can access a lot of these points of intersection.
The second multi-disconnection superpower is the rapid learning.
When the multimeting is interested by something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We are used to being prime, because it's been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort areas.
A lot of skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we're going on, so rarely we start from scratch.
North Don's a full time trip and independent writing.
As a pianist child perfect an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest known.
Before becoming a writer, North was financial planning.
He had to learn the most thin mechanics of sales when he started his practice, and this skill helps him write compelling launch for the editors of the editors for the editors of the editors.
It rarely is a waste of time to dedicate to what you would be attracted to, even if at the end of the end of it.
You can apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you could not have anticipated.
The third multi-million-making superpower is adaptation. I mean, the ability to transform anything you need in a given situation.
And then Cattle is sometimes director of videos, other people, website designer, sometimes consumer from Kickstarter, sometimes teachers, and, sometimes, James Bono.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles depending on the needs of his clients.
The Fast Company magazine is defined as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and unpredictable that it is the individuals and organizations that can be perceptive to satisfy market needs, which will really thrive.
So the senses of ideas, quickly learning and adaptability, three skills where multi-controlled multinations are very hyper, and three skills that could be lost if they're pushed to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to foster multi-controlled multiples.
We have complex problems, multi-dimensional problems, and we need no conventional creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they are, in their heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing they wanted to be a pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong in you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are composed of a specialist and a multi-million pushed multiple.
Specialist can dive in deep and put in practice ideas, and multi-disconnection offers an ambition of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are going to deal with how we are connected.
And unfortunately, the multimeting in a lot of them will be happy to just be more like their specialized partners.
I once said this, if there's one thing you take from this talk, I hope it is this: recognize with the internal wire, whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then, especially all the media.
That's where you will give the best of you.
But for multi-controlled musicians, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I say, recognize with their many passions.
Keep your curiosity for those rabbit marriage.
Let's explore the intersection.
And embracing our inner wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multiple, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In 1991, a woman named August was taken to a psychiatric in Francisco.
And I would argue and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Albertos.
And I didn't know how to help August, but it was filled by her, until unfortunately, passed in 1906.
After his death, Alberto did an authority and found strange plates and bones in the Army brain, of a guy who had never seen before.
The most surprising thing.
If I managed to have been alive today, we couldn't give it more help than the Alberto gave him 114 years ago.
Alberto was Dr. Albertos Alzheimer's.
And I Augus Derek, the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1991, medicine has advanced a lot.
They've been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infection, a lot of treatments for cancer, antibiotics for HIV, statistics for cardiologists and much more.
But it has been progress in the Assamina treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists working to find an Alzheimer's cure for more than a decade.
So I think of this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affecting 40 million across the world.
But in 2050, it'll affect 150 million that by the way, including many of you.
If you expect to live until age 85 or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's will be almost one in two.
In other words, there is the likelihood that they spend their golden years with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or be loved with Alzheimer's.
In the United States, the Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent on Alzheimer's disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease today, and its costs are preventing a five times in 2050, as it increases the generation of the baby baby.
You may surprise you, but Alzheimer's one is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the first 10 causes of death from all over the world, Alzheimer's the only one you can't prevent or cure or even slow your development.
We understand less from Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in the investigation of cancer than Alzheimer's despite the fact that we are more costing the Alzheimer's and causes a similar annual number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what a few people know, but everybody should be, Alzheimer's disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 110 years, all of the years, even scientists, confuse Alzheimer's controlled.
We think it will be sensitive in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But you just have to look at a picture of a healthy aging brain.
In addition to delivering a severe loss of memory and mental skills, harm to the brain caused by Alzheimer's reduces significantly life expectancy and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and strangers in the British brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think a molecule of protein like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places in the paper that are permission.
And when it gets flat, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules stick each other, forming groups that can form big plates and buttons.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There's a lot of steps and the identification of what happens to block is complex, like to detect a bomb.
Coming up a wire could do nothing.
Cut others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of the wires have dropped down and waited the best.
But now there is a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genetics, chemistry, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's testing a new kind of drugs that blocked this step to stop the disease.
Let me show you some of our latest results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at a few videos from what happened when you test these drugs in worms in worms of it.
These are healthy worms and you can see that they're moving with normal.
These worms on the other hand, they have proteins of protein that are pasted between them, like in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but the research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 113 years of wait, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to defeat Alzheimer's Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to be aware that Alzheimer's one disease, and that if we try it, we can reverse it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have found more research and exercise pressure on governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legacy.
That was essential to move into HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to defeat cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, hidden victims, caregivers of their loved ones and night, are often too busy to go out and advocate for change.
So it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's isn't in most of the genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like August, which can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help speak for them, and help me demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times column, in January of this year.
To fall in love with somebody, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience by testing myself one night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are transferred to do 36 increasingly personal questions, and then both of them look at the eyes without speaking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12: If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?"
Number 28: When was the last time you cried to another person?
And just and alone?
As it goes forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30 -- this really like -- Tell you to your partner what you get from him or her, I know very singing this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the chimp that two of the participants had been married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also intrigued as well.
And when I had the occasion of testing this study, with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love.
However, we fell in love with it, and  And I thought it was a good story, so I send it to the column love a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's alien, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, keep together there?
And the reason I think this is because I've done this question again and again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
One week before the article was published, I was very nervous.
I'd been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been able to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can come to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in New York Times would probably reach a few thousand views.
And that creates a good attention burden in a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article was published on a Friday night, and already the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday had already been called the Top Show and the World Montana America.
In a month, the article received over eight million views, and I was saying something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with single single experience, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news  and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, always asked the same question: still they keep together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search on the mailbox of my email with the phrase "is still there?
And several messages showed up immediately.
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this.
They interviewed me on the radio and asked me.
Even I gave a talk, and a woman screaming down to the stage, "Hey, Mandela where your night?
And I immediately got red.
This is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable wondering about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the investment of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have come alive.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valentine, who included the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not every single request that we both did a public approach together.
I took television interviews, and the orders of photos of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the ingredients of the former process -- a range for which I didn't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know if the study worked, they wanted to know whether it really worked, or whether it was able to produce perfect love, not just an adventure, but real love, lovely love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to respond.
My relationship had just just been a few months, and I felt, especially that people would ask the wrong question.
How do you know if we follow together or not, and also tell it?
If the answer was not, would the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the research goal wasn't to produce romantic love.
Instead of that, I was looking for an experimental approach between university students, using what Iran called sustained personal Air and progressive and recovery.
Sounds romantic sounds right?
But the study does work.
The participants were more close after doing it. A number of studies were also used by the Prison Friend protocol as a quick way to create trust and interaction between strangers.
They have been used between police members and community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, who combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university, and then a student came to me and told me with similarial, I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed disappeared for it.
And I said, "You want to say you love the person who did it with?
Well, he made a pause one.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But they became better friends?
Did you feel that you did better know about testing the study?
The assignment.
So it worked, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled on the studio for the first time when I was 29, and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, which was pretty much my whole adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without it.
So I went into science.
I went through everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could somehow vaccinate the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I just research for the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought if I had the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and just like I sat then.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one other way.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more released.
I have more confidence to demand what I'm looking for.
But I can also see you more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than what you can get me to me.
What you look for love is a garage, not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but to continue to be completely loved by the person I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know whether we were still together.
The story that the media talked about about 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to love.
There may be a way to somehow mitigate some of the implanted risk, and this is a very attractive story, because love makes us feel beautifully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The story of the story I ask you still is still together?
And his content with a Yes or not.
So more than a question, I will propose that we ask more difficult questions, like, how do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things complicated when things complicated and how do you know when to cut and distant to distract?
How do you live with the uncertainty that inevitably takes a relationship? Or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your parallel?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what to love someone else.
So if you want the brief version of my relationship story, it is this: a year ago, a well-known and I apply a study designed to create romantic love, we love -- we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same thing to remain love.
Love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote, "Love didn't happen.
We love love because we take the choice to be.
And I show you a little bit about reading it now, not because it isn't true, but because at the time, I had not considered that choice.
I don't consider how many times we would have both to make that decision, and how much times I will have to keep doing that choice without knowing whether he will always choose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, to have chosen to love someone so generous and love and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is turning my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really think about.
And what I'm looking for, and what maybe spending my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy end of the title of my article -- which is, in the way, the only part of the article I actually didn't write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose someone, and the hope that he will also love me, and it's terrifying -- but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by search fleets in the mountain and in a way I came up as a bone to the forest.
New York City was a time ago.  Something that really affected me but more details later.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I buried a bill of a dollar, a pen and a fork somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some weird humanoid or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat the spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has thanks because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still doing boxes.
At one moment I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from excuse and make surfing and all those weird things -- and I was making a colleague for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I threw up all the pages and I made a kind of scale cells that Ander Martin Marshall, the reserve cover and a bee left attacked.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resident in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened -- somehow it seemed like it was the size of size, as if you were to look at the text with a magnifying light.
So I did it? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs -- strange bottles that I was finding out the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow translated, draw the same way around a cave on the scene of the crime.
And I took the objects and created my own seasonal screen taxomorous.
First, booms -- that you can make an idea.
Then I did some strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the management layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Siri.
It was cool, man.
At some point, I'm interested in the human form sculptures of natural size, with drawings of human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the resident was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in the glass sheets, similar to drawing in a window, then in another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the residence.
So I did this for years, and my work migrated with something very big, that I call the training."
For the track I was inspired by the garden of "The Beautife of Hisposals of His Height Home Carter, which is a painting at the Museum of Project in Spain.
Do you know that?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of their time.
Well, the tracking." I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five feet long.
It has double footprint, so it's 10 meters of compassion.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, there is Jesus and the loads.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation -- this increased analog mesh where they hide.
This is where the creatures with animal heads are headed to the sea, ready to survive in mass by shooting in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a trained.
Billy Graham is in the sea, Honey -- the petrol platform of the death -- Walter, the Oscara Bin Laden, there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, also a kind of marketing.
It's coming out of the ocean, and it speed oil in a hand while the other hand comes out clouds.
Their hands are like balances, and it looks like a mythological being that holds the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's a aspect of the track."
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand in which I speed.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a trailer, like a bird pilot, and you spit clouds of this journey.
It also has a 50-year-old tail of a snake that binds the traffic."
Anyway, their tail is prepared by fire on a volcano post.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that go on, you know.
His tail ends up in a hidden collective balloon made from terrorist cards in 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards of terrorists.
Very low-cost in time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects. One is called "physical."
This is a six-year-old project to do 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material being an encyclopedia or dictionaries.
But each one acts like a kind of archive in a way of being human, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at once.
They're like cells, they come together, they divide out.
And you can walk between them. It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope pick that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside their inside.
This has a little cave on the chest.
That's the head -- there's the chest, you can get the input in.
I'm going to take you for the rest of the body, and there's a waterfall coming out of the chest, and it covers the penis or notice, or whatever it has is, sort of an announcement thing.
It's a quick sketch of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body for half.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that go out and enter the head of this strange status.
There is a little forest scene inside the ethnic cave.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Pinker Worlds.
Inside this box there is a physicist -- a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio emission, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We send the box and all the people inside of each other as particles.
And I think that's how we change the world.
When you redefine who and the box you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with plant, and then we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you give them your head?
Take an aspiration.
But for this pill to have effect against pain, first passes through the stomach, the intestine and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and independent system so that any strong drug effect in the body.
The disaster, though, is that when you run it out of any drug that is distinguished.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, these serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the CDC cells.
But they're also known by their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in the time they take to get to the blood stream, they display, and worse even for the time they take to get to their destination, which is where it's more important, in the heavy HIV.
These are body regions like lymph nodes -- the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is intuitive and doesn't easily enter the blood narrative of patients that are held to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the treatment of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem from HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a lifetime treatment for an oral way.
One day, I sat and I thought, "Could we get the treatment directly to the dependency of the virus, without the risk of district of drugs?
As a scientific expert in lasers -- the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you use innovative, for the care of wounds and surgery, you can use for anything imagined to anything, including the intrinsic transport of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open up or drill extremely small holes, which open and close almost immediately the infected cells with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best people are asking, "How is that possible?
We sent a small and powerful ray laser on the cell membrane that is infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, whereas the cell absorbs drugs in a matter of microscopes.
Before even realizing it, the hole is in representation immediately.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or in Petri plates, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
"What is that possible? You can ask it.
Well, the answer is: through a display of three heads.
With the first head, which is our laser, we're going to make an insight in the place of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an inject that distributes the drug, releases it directly in the information site, whereas the laser used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV in the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of every HIV researcher in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying non-standing groups -- armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or military.
Documental what these groups do when they're not shooting out.
My goal is to understand better to these agents of violence and studying ways of encouraging the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation to the nonviolent confidence.
I do a field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost everything in course, because war has changed.
I used to be a shot between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, of the 260-million peace agreement between 1975 and 2011, 1965 was signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we should understand these groups -- we even have to involve them or defeat them in any process of successful conflict resolution.
But how do you do that?
We have to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do, but no one looks at what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and policies are not armed by them.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less delivering them, without a global vision.
Today's armed groups are complex organizations.
For example, the Health Libers, known by his violent control against Israel.
From its creation in the 1980, Hello has also established a political party -- a social services network and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Haman, known by his suicide attacks against Israel, also managing the Gaza France since 2007.
So these groups are doing more than just shooting out.
They're multimedia.
They set up a complex machine communication, radio stations, TV channels, web websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the ISIS magazine -- printed in English and published to recognize.
The armed groups are also investing in a complex fundraising of fundamentalists without the sales, but by reasonable business -- for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
The armed groups also do something else, create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals, they put on professional training programs or microscope.
Hello offers all these services and more.
The armed groups are also trying to conquer the population offering something that the state doesn't provide.
The rise of the Taliban in an Afghanistan deployed by the war or even the beginning of the ISIS rise can also be understood by the efforts of these groups for providing security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap leaves the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the electoral victory of 2006 of the Palestinian Hamas cannot be understood without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long term.
These groups are hybrid groups.
They grow because they fill gaps left by the government, and they emerge as armed groups and political groups, participate in violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated are these organizations, less we can categorize them as something else to a state.
How do you call a group like Health?
They master part of a territory, they manage all their functions, pick up the garbage -- they manage the starving system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebellion?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is ISA?
The lines are deployed.
We live in a world of states, with no state and hybrid nations, and the weaker the states, as in the Middle East, the more they intervene and fill that gap.
This is important for governments, because to counteract these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
Filling that gap of government has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important also to establish and consider peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we will understand better how incentives to offer the transition of violence to nonviolent violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battle, but not give us peace or stability.
To make these targets we need long-term investments to fill that vacuum of security to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are very both, but I fear that embracing the "fellow of the "Festival show would be unfair for the feminist females.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And therefore I get stuck as a bad feminist feminist.
Or, at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The bad Female," and then in the interviews, people started calling the Fall Female.
So what started as a personal joke that started myself and a deliberate generation, has become something larger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth, and at the age of 20 years, I had strange ideas about festivals, these furry women, angry with the men and they hated sex -- as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, look like a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when I insisted that could be female.
Being labeled as a feminist was a technique, a word taboo and dead.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, who asked too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until it realizes that it is actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist and also proud to be.
For me, certain claims are smaller: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same floor for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free or violence.
We have right to use easy and accessible the antibodies and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative control or evangelical drugs.
We have the right to respect.
There are more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to be in account our other identity.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality condition, social condition, skills and much more.
We have to have in account these differences and how they affect us, the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion -- our feminist is nothing.
These truths are evidence, but to be clear: I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There are a lot of things that make me a bad feminist.
I have another confession.
When I drive to work, I listen to rap music pandemic to all volume.
Even though the letter degraded women and I was deeply offered deeply, the classic "Stop Shakespeare of the White Tailing Twitter is incredible.
"I will do reality with your magic tagin.
Dogg, day, move until you give you the coast."
Think about it.
Power poetry, right?
I'm completely motivated for my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of the man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- all of the domestic tasks but also killing insects, the coat of garbage and the care of the lawns and the manipulation of manual.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
It enjoys the fashion magazines and the beautiful things.
I can see "The Back" and the romantic comments, and I have an amazing fantasy of the fairy tales that make them happen.
Some of my delivers are more discovered.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband, he is his choice, and I'm not who to judge me.
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise his children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confused so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose to.
We solve this problem.
It reject conventional feminist that has ignored or disappeared historically the needs of color women, workers and homosexual and transgendered women, and the few white women, helloworks, middle class and high.
Listen, if that's good feminist -- I'm a very bad feminist feminist here.
It also happens this: As a feminist I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put female features on a petitical.
We hope that they go to perfection.
When we get discovered, we remove them with a lot from the same pen where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster -- I already consider me from that pen before you try to get there.
Too many women, particularly the innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid to be labeled as feminists.
They're afraid to stand up and say, "Yeah, I'm a female female for fear of what that tag means -- for fear not to be able to accomplish with a little bit of realistic expectations.
Let's take Beijing example, or like I call it, the God.
In the last few years it's a declarative feminist in the last few years.
In the Video York County Video, at MTT, he acts in front of the word "Festival of three feet high.
It was a magnificent show, looking at this star star openly embracing the feminist and making women know about women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
It spent the time, cultural critics started debates if Benjamin was or not exactly feminist.
They were rating their feminist instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfect from the feminist because we're still struggling for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much of a lot.
We go far beyond the critical and constructive critic to disseminate the feminist of any woman -- department until there's nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminist or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of participation.
But what happens next?
We moved from recognizing our experiences to realize to go to action and be a little bit more brave.
If I hear a degree music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we exercise change affecting their profit.
It certainly is difficult.
Why does his music have to be so pink?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when the bad decisions justify this makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my niece, three and four years.
These are two magnificent girls and decided and brilliant, and also very brave.
They are being appreciated by the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, suddenly the best option is visualized as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is dealing with sex violence against women as sport -- the Grandma game.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to cinema in another part when movies don't treat women as well as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their peers as boat sands.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, you will participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include a enough number of women, so much to participate as to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are sustained but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refuse to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome barriers to the decision-making passwords.
And because we're not a mind of the mindsets, without embracing these positions -- our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to get to the top, people in the direct power and movie producers and music producers and music, CEO, people who can make great decisions, more courageous, to create a durable and meaningful change.
We can also match our feminist value, well, bad, or any of them.
The last line of my book "Mala Female," says, "I'd rather be a bad feminist not to be at all."
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, especially because I had my voice my voice was stolen and the feminist helped me get it.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident to deal with what happened.
A few kids upset me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me as if nothing.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after all, I didn't believe that I could say something that could matter.
But it was writing.
And I went back to writing.
I get back in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminist as well, I also discovered that if I was a little bit courageous, another woman could hear and see me and realize that none of us is the one that the world is trying to tell us we are.
In a hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope we can all be a little courageous when you need to be a little bit bad.
Right after Christmas, last year, 131 children in California, had a measles for having visited Dinnar or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Cheesa.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that it can be fatal for a child with a developed immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century -- but many of the children involved in the Dinner outbreak hadn't been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly worse even worse, autism.
But a moment, was it not the article that unleashed polio about autism and relatively declined vaccines to be a fraud declared by the British Medical Journal British Medical?
Doesn't most intelligent scientists that the theory that vaccines cause autism is a straight?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines are going to put their children danger to having autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the rising estimates of autism over time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very strange disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician that I had heard about it is that they create their entire professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed as only three or four children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the '90s, the numbers began to stop.
Fortunates of fundraising organizations like autism Speeches recently refer to autism as an epidemic, as if I could tell you from another child in Dinnar in Dinosaurus.
What's going on?
If you're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people from the Center of Disease Center in Atlanta, what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like "Britain's disabled diagnostic critics, and a better case detection to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't have a lot of the fears of a young mother who looks at the face of his two years old, the visual contact.
If a diagnostic criteria had to get up, why were they so reduced to the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1950s.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow progress and calculating of science than with the power of the narrative.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story begins with a child psychiatrist -- Leo Kanzi, from Johns Hopkins -- in 1943, Kanzi published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds -- noticed people around them, even their own parents.
They could be fun for hours waving their hands in front of their faces, but they were prey from the panic by mechanisms as they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
Over the base of patients treated in their clinic, Kanzi speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, declared that I had seen less than 150 real cases of his syndrome as they collect reference of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because the criteria in Kenya for the diagnosis of autism were very restrictive.
For example, I used to give that diagnosis to children with convey but now we know that epidemic is very common in autism.
He was once played that he had turned to nine in 10 children sent by other doctors to his office for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kandermak was a smart man, but part of his theories were not certainties.
He claimed autism as a form of child psychologists caused by cold and disappearing parents.
These kids, he said, have been kept carefully in a refrigerator.
At the same time, though, Kanzi noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that are embedded in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said, "Beautiful."
But Kanzi had a bad opinion of these skills, by making things like the kids were simply revolutionizing what they had heard of their parents, desperate to win their appropriate.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started testing the theory of Mandela that autism was weird.
Lord Window, cognitive psychologist in London, thought that the theory of the slums of Kander was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and effective people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susan.
Lord and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like South without support services, no special education, and no access to other resources without a diagnosis.
In order to defend the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Lord and their colleague, Judith Gould decided to do something that should have been done 30 years before.
They did a preserve study of autism in the general population.
They did a London suburbs called Cambridge to try to find the autistic kids in the community.
What they saw was clear that the Kanzi model was too limited, because autism reality was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't talk at all, whereas others were focused on their fascination for astronomy, in the dinosaurs, or the genius of reality.
Otherwise, these kids didn't fit in beautiful squares and shorters, as Judie said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the monolithic model of Manhattan would have predicted it.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been perceived from these children before?
But then Korea found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the next year to Kandermak article and then forgotten, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kander knew about this article of competition, but I avoided sub-printing to mention her own work.
There was no even a translation to English, but luckily, the husband of London spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Alprono, who led an integrated clinic with an integrated school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger's for teaching children with learning differences were even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with kinds of exercises with music, and kids followed their games on the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Alprophery described it as a political disability of life that required compassionate forms of support and space forms throughout the course of life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Andrew called them their little teachers, and it was dedicated to help the development of education methods that were especially right for them.
So fundamentally, Alprophery saw autism as a diverse continuum that would bring a surprising variety of donor and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they've always been, looking at aspects of this continuum in architecture known in pop culture as the awkward social scientist and the district professor.
He was beyond even saying that for success in science and art, an approach of autism is essential.
Lord and Judith found that Mandela was wrong when autism was infected, as well as parents were the causes.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychiatry to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called autistic spectrum."
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came in very much suck, replace the limited model of Kander by a broad and including Alpha model.
These changes didn't fall in broken road.
And almost when Lord and Judith worked between baseballs to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before he came out Rionbook Mandela" in 1988, just a little circle, they were walking through experts knew what the autism, but after the inevitable act of Duster Homos as Raman Babylon and the recognition of Ray Man with four awards of the Academy -- pediatrician psychologists and psychologists and teachers and fathers around the world knew what was autism.
At the same time, the first easy clinical evidence to use to diagnose autism.
I shouldn't have a connection with that little piece of experts to make a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of Raisuddin Manhattan," the changes in criteria and introduction of these trials created a network effect, a perfect storm of the consciousness of autism.
The number of diagnostics began to get up, like Lord and Judith, in fact they hoped that it was, getting people with autism, and their families finally get the support and the services they deserve.
So Andrew Washington came to blame the vaccines because of increase in diagnosing -- a simple, powerful history and seductive history of as bad as the theory of Kanzi was infected.
If the current estimate of the center of preventing that one in 68 children in the United States are on the spectrum, it's right, the autism are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined the Internet to reject the idea that the puzzles are to solve for new medical advances by using the term the terrorist term to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, incredibly social, and it suffers from a deficit deficit to detail.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty living in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Alpire, which believed that the cure for most disabled aspects of autism are in understanding teachers, employees with capacity, support communities, support communities, and the parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Zosain Zaches once said, "We need all the hands in covered to raise the boat of humanity."
As we navigate towards an uncertain future, we need all forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste or a brain.
Thank you.
